Reverting to a curriculum considered sound prior to Mr. Dewey's often-questionable and more often misused programs of schooling, Jimmy's parents had trained and educated their young man quite well in the primary informations of fact.
Reverting to a curriculum considered sound prior to Mr. Dewey's often-questionable and more often misused programs of schooling
Reverting
False




Of the two-fifty, you extract a dollar, feeling that the Senior Holden is a cheapskate.
feeling that the Senior Holden is a cheapskate.
feeling
True




Sitting in the chance of getting caught, he must start the car, move it out of the parking space into traffic, and get under way and gone before he is safe."
Sitting in the chance of getting caught
Sitting
True




It was easy to forget it, talking to him--until something came up that the child could not handle.
talking to him--until something came up that the child could not handle.
talking
False




"That's secret--"  "Implying that atomic energy is secretly above-board, legal, and honorable, whereas Mr. Maxwell's--"  "But we know about atomic energy."
Implying that atomic energy is secretly above-board
Implying
True




But there was the possibility that James Holden, operating through the agency of an adult, would switch his method.
operating through the agency of an adult, would switch his method.
operating
True




I can presume that James Holden would prefer to remain in the company of the Fishers where, according to Mrs. Fisher, he was not responsible to her whatsoever, but rather ran the show himself.
according to Mrs. Fisher
according
True




Leaping to the end of this midnight research, there are three primary ways of concluding, namely: 1, physical satisfaction; 2, physical exhaustion; and 3, interruption.
Leaping to the end of this midnight research, there are three primary ways of concluding, namely: 1
Leaping
True




Anything of a scientific nature must be in German; law, language, or literature in English; art in Japanese; music in Greek; medicine in Latin; agriculture in Czech.
Anything of a scientific nature must be in German; law
Anything
True




"Talking about me?"
Talking about me?"
Talking
False




