Rushing to the rescue with his party, he drove the pirates back into the boat, which was immediately pulled towards the bow, where the other two boats were now grappling and discharging their crews on the forecastle.
Rushing to the rescue with his party.
Rushing to the rescue with his party, he drove the pirates back into the boat, which was immediately pulled towards the bow, where the other two boats were now grappling and discharging their crews on the forecastle.hough the men of the West Indiaman fought with desperate courage, they could not stand before the increasing numbers of pirates who now crowded the fore part of the ship in a dense mass.
Rushing to the rescue with his party.
Isobel was about thirteen now, and as pretty a girl, according to Buzzby, as you could meet with in any part of Britain.
According to Buzzby, as you could meet with in any part of Britain.
Owing to some cause unknown, however, his tail had been cut or bitten off, and nothing save the stump remained.
Owing to some cause unknown, however.
Beginning of winter--Meetuck effects a remarkable change in the men's appearance--Mossing, and working, and plans for a winter campaign.
Beginning of winter--Meetuck effects a remarkable change in the men's appearance--Mossing, and working, and plans for a winter campaign.
Going to the hold where the prisoners sat with downcast looks, he addressed to them a lengthened speech as to the sin and meanness of stealing in general, and of stealing from those who had been kind to them in particular.
Going to the hold where the prisoners sat with downcast looks.
Clambering to the top of a hummock, he observed a long stretch of level floe to the northward.
Clambering to the top of a hummock.
Seeing that there was no other resource, Fred turned round and fled towards the mountains at a pace that defied pursuit, and, coming to a halt in the midst of a rocky gorge that might have served as an illustration of what chaos was, he sat down behind a big rock to peruse Isobel's letter.
Seeing that there was no other resource.
Acting on the presumptuous belief that he could find his way to any part of the world with the smallest amount of direction, he naturally missed the right road at the outset, and instead of taking the road to St.
Acting on the presumptuous belief that he could find his way to any part of the world with the smallest amount of direction.
Awaking at last from his trance, Oliver tore himself from the spot, and hastened away to seek the nearest strip of sand where he might throw off his clothes and plunge into the boiling surf.
Awaking at last from his trance.
Awaking at last from his trance, Oliver tore himself from the spot, and hastened away to seek the nearest strip of sand where he might throw off his clothes and plunge into the boiling surf.e spot suitable for his purpose, but he had taken a long and rapid walk before he found a break in those wild cliffs which afforded him the opportunity of descending to the water's edge.
Awaking at last from his trance.
Acting on a brave spirit, this thought nerved him to desperate effort.
Acting on a brave spirit, this thought nerved him to desperate effort.
Feeling that he was being overpowered, he cast his arms up in the air, and gave utterance to a loud cry.
Feeling that he was being overpowered.
Feeling that he was being overpowered, he cast his arms up in the air, and gave utterance to a loud cry.
Feeling that he was being overpowered.
Stopping at last, the miner wiped his brow, and, rising, stood for a few moments silently regarding the result of his day's work.
Stopping at last, the miner wiped his brow, and, rising, stood for a few moments silently regarding the result of his day's work.
The lad rose, and, fetching out of a dark corner the articles required, assisted in charging the hole which his uncle had just finished boring.
Fetching out of a dark corner the articles required.
Everything in fact.
Everything in fact.
Everything in factbe done by a commander who knew his duty had been done for the safety of the ship--so would the captain have said probably, had he lived to be questioned as to the management of his vessel.
Everything in factbe done by a commander who knew his duty had been done for the safety of the ship--so would the captain have said probably, had he lived to be questioned as to the management of his vessel.
Starting as it does from an elevated position in the rocks that are close to the edge of the sea, and slanting down through the cape, outward or seaward, this vehicle descends only a few fathoms when it is under the ocean's bed, and then its further course is far out and deep down--about two-thirds of a mile out, and full 245 fathoms down!
Starting as it does from an elevated position in the rocks that are close to the edge of the sea, and slanting down through the cape, outward or seaward, this vehicle descends only a few fathoms when it is under the ocean's bed, and then its further course is far out and deep down--about two-thirds of a mile out, and full 245 fathoms down!
Owing to this law, much water accumulates in the shaft, obliging the miner to erect an engine-house and provide a powerful pumping-engine with all its gear, at immense cost, to keep the works dry as he proceeds.
Owing to this law.
Up they went, ladder after ladder, squeezing through narrow places, rubbing against wet rocks and beams, scraping against the boarding of the kibble-shaft, and being scraped by the pump-rods until both of them were as wet and red and dirty as any miner below.
Squeezing through narrow places, rubbing against wet rocks and beams, scraping against the boarding of the kibble-shaft, and being scraped by the pump-rods until both of them were as wet and red and dirty as any miner below.
Diverging to the right at this point Captain Dan led Oliver to an old part of the mine, where there were a couple of men opening up and extending one of the old levels.
Diverging to the right at this point Captain Dan led Oliver to an old part of the mine, where there were a couple of men opening up and extending one of the old levels.
A matter of some consolation too, for although I do have a weakness for cheap 'baccy and brandy, being of an economical turn of mind, I don't like the notion of getting rid of my conscience altogether.
Being of an economical turn of mind.
Everything in and about the place.
Everything in and about the place.
Everything about him savoured of the superlative degree.
Everything about him savoured of the superlative degree.
Then, turning with much urbanity of manner to the ladies, he entered into conversation with them.
Turning with much urbanity of manner to the ladies.
At the same depth there were many of these underground passages, running in various directions, and several miles in extent, some of them being worked, but most of them old and used up--all the ore having been extracted from them.
Running in various directions, and several miles in extent, some of them being worked, but most of them old and used up--all the ore having been extracted from them.
Pointing to one of the bins, about.
Pointing to one of the bins, about.
Everything about him was new, and, we might almost say, gorgeous.
Everything about him was new, and.
His attitude and aspect were extremely picturesque, standing as he did on a raised platform with his legs firmly planted, his muscular arms raised above him to cut the rock overhead, and the candle so placed as to cause his figure to appear almost black and unnaturally gigantic.
Standing as he did on a raised platform with his legs firmly planted.
It was one of those terrible, unmistakable cries which chill the blood and thrill the hearts of those who hear them, telling of some awful catastrophe.
Telling of some awful catastrophe.
This will account for the ripple on the water, which (as every observant reader will note) ought, according to the laws of gravitation, to have lain perfectly still.
According to the laws of gravitation, to have lain perfectly still.
Observing that the urchin rose and staggered with a gleeful expression towards the door, the volatile chet made a dash at him sidewise, and gave him such a fright that he fell over the door step into the road.
Observing that the urchin rose and staggered with a gleeful expression towards the door, the volatile chet made a dash at him sidewise, and gave him such a fright that he fell over the door step into the road.
Tonkin, looking over his comrade's shoulder, also saw the eyes, and was petrified on the spot.
Looking over his comrade's shoulder.
Several were minus an eye, and one or two were nearly blind, owing to blast-holes exploding in their faces.
Owing to blast-holes exploding in their faces.
Some large heaps of silver, with a few coppers and a pile of sovereigns more than an inch high, lying on two or more five-pound notes indicated successful labour.
Lying on two or more five-pound notes indicated successful labour.
Taste alone will avail, so that our readers must either go to Cornwall to drink it, or for ever remain unsatisfied.y remark, in reference to it, that it is potent as well as pleasant, and that it is also dangerous, being of an insinuating nature, so that those who partake freely have a tendency to wish for more, and are apt to dream (not unreasonably, but too wildly) of Botallack tin being transformed into silver and gold.
Being of an insinuating nature, so that those who partake freely have a tendency to wish for more, and are apt to dream (not unreasonably, but too wildly) of Botallack tin being transformed into silver and gold.
Something within the man told him that Rose's refusal was an unalterable one.
Something within the man told him that Rose's refusal was an unalterable one.
On the other hand, Mr Clearemout, believing that the whole of his conversation had been overheard, supposed that he had discovered all his villainy to one who was thoroughly able, as well as willing, to thwart him.
Believing that the whole of his conversation had been overheard.
At the same time, losses are sometimes very heavy, owing to gales arising and breaking or carrying away the nets.
Owing to gales arising and breaking or carrying away the nets.
At the same time, losses are sometimes very heavy, owing to gales arising and breaking or carrying away the nets.
Owing to gales arising and breaking or carrying away the nets.
Mickey O'Rooney, being upon the extreme left, was enabled to range his eye up the valley to the crest of the slope, so that he was confident he could detect any insidious approach from that direction.
Being upon the extreme left.
Mickey O'Rooney, being upon the extreme left, was enabled to range his eye up the valley to the crest of the slope, so that he was confident he could detect any insidious approach from that direction.l guarded.
Being upon the extreme left.
Glancing to the right, he could just catch the glimmer of the river as it flowed by in the moonlight, the banks being low and not wooded, while looking straight up the valley, his vision was bounded only by darkness itself.
Glancing to the right.
Something in the manner of walking betrayed their identity, and Mickey spoke.
Something in the manner of walking betrayed their identity, and Mickey spoke.
Nothing of an alarming character was seen, and, thinking his standpoint was too depressed to give him the range of observation, he concluded to climb one of the trees.
Nothing of an alarming character was seen, and, thinking his standpoint was too depressed to give him the range of observation.
Some of the Apaches, in the very wantonness of their skillful horsemanship, threw themselves from side to side upon the backs of their steeds, firing under the neck or belly with as much accuracy as if from the saddle.
Firing under the neck or belly with as much accuracy as if from the saddle.
Bearing in mind the deceitful character of the chief, Sut waited until he was within a short distance, when he wheeled and let drive with a couple chambers of his revolver.
Bearing in mind the deceitful character of the chief.
Standing upon a lower plane and looking upward, he saw that the column of smoke from the camp-fire was brought in relief against the sky beyond.
Standing upon a lower plane and looking upward.
He knew where the fragments lay, and, heading in that direction, he moved carefully forward, while he kept his eyes fixed upon that dreaded red-skin, who certainly seemed a remiss sentinel when in an enemy's country.
Heading in that direction.
Judging from the clamping hoofs, such might have been the case.
Judging from the clamping hoofs.
A brute would make a jump, and, landing upon the limb, sustain himself until one or two of his comrades imitated his performance, when they would all come tumbling to the ground.
Landing upon the limb.
According to the reasoning of common sense, he ought to strike it at right angles.
According to the reasoning of common sense.
And, acting upon this conclusion, he made quite a change in the direction he was pursuing, moving off to the left, and encouraging himself with the fact that the pass must be somewhere, and he had only to persevere in exploring each point of the compass to reach it at last.
Acting upon this conclusion.
Groping around, they found quite a quantity of sticks and bits of wood.
Groping around.
Groping around, they found quite a quantity of sticks and bits of wood.ff that could be obtained.
Groping around.
CHAPTER XXIX.ng Munson ran toward him from the centre of the cave, exclaiming in his excited tones:.
Exclaiming in his excited tones:.
Going to where his torch was still burning in the sand, he drew it out and moved back toward his old camp-fire.
Going to where his torch was still burning in the sand.
Finding that they heeded not his orders, he put his hand on his knife, but in a moment the boys' dirks flashed in the air.
Finding that they heeded not his orders.
This they at once took, proceeding with caution now, for the descent was an extremely steep one, and the path little more than a goat track.
Proceeding with caution now, for the descent was an extremely steep one, and the path little more than a goat track.
Then, proceeding to the shore, they launched a small boat.
Proceeding to the shore.
Then, proceeding to the shore, they launched a small boat.
Proceeding to the shore.
Unfortunately, however, owing to the jealousies between the two generals, the illness of Marshal Arnaud, and the incapacity of Lord Raglan, there was neither plan nor concert.
Owing to the jealousies between the two generals, the illness of Marshal Arnaud, and the incapacity of Lord Raglan, there was neither plan nor concert.
The Rifles, under Major Northcote, were ahead, and, dashing through the vineyards under a rain of fire, crossed the river, scaled the bank, and pushed forward to the top of the next slope.
Dashing through the vineyards under a rain of fire.
According to arrangements, the British occupied the harbor of Balaklava, while the French took possession of Kamiesch and Kaznatch, as bases for the supply of their armies.
According to arrangements, the British occupied the harbor of Balaklava, while the French took possession of Kamiesch and Kaznatch, as bases for the supply of their armies.
Lord Lucan, conceiving that his orders were absolute, ordered Lord Cardigan to advance upon the guns.
Conceiving that his orders were absolute.
Lord Cardigan gave the order, and the Light Brigade, numbering in all but the strength of a single regiment, set out at a trot towards the distant Russians.
Numbering in all but the strength of a single regiment.
For another three hours the struggle went on, and then, finding that even the overwhelming numbers and the courage with which their men fought availed not to shake the defence, the Russian generals gave up the attack, and the battle of Inkerman was at an end.
Finding that even the overwhelming numbers and the courage with which their men fought availed not to shake the defence, the Russian generals gave up the attack, and the battle of Inkerman was at an end.
For another three hours the struggle went on, and then, finding that even the overwhelming numbers and the courage with which their men fought availed not to shake the defence, the Russian generals gave up the attack, and the battle of Inkerman was at an end.
Finding that even the overwhelming numbers and the courage with which their men fought availed not to shake the defence, the Russian generals gave up the attack, and the battle of Inkerman was at an end.
Peering over, they could see the black mass in the midst of the surging white waters at their feet.
Peering over.
Passing through the streets the sergeant led them through the town and out into the country beyond.
Passing through the streets the sergeant led them through the town and out into the country beyond.
The sergeant, proceeding to the main entrance, rang the bell.
Proceeding to the main entrance.
Standing on the seat, the men prepared to fire at the wolves directly ahead, signing to the boys to lean over, one on each side, and take those on the flanks of the horses.
Standing on the seat, the men prepared to fire at the wolves directly ahead, signing to the boys to lean over, one on each side, and take those on the flanks of the horses.
Then the coachman, knowing that one of the horses was hurt, and both nearly mad with fright, let them have their heads, and the sledge darted away at a pace which soon left the wolves far in the rear.
Knowing that one of the horses was hurt, and both nearly mad with fright.
Then the coachman, knowing that one of the horses was hurt, and both nearly mad with fright, let them have their heads, and the sledge darted away at a pace which soon left the wolves far in the rear. lined the road.
Knowing that one of the horses was hurt, and both nearly mad with fright.
From Olga, who, being about his own age, a little under sixteen, was his special chum in the family, Jack gathered a general idea of the situation.
Being about his own age, a little under sixteen.
Count Smerskoff rose to his feet, bursting with passion.
Bursting with passion.
It is not, I know, in accordance with your English ideas, nor even in Russia may a noble take a serf's life, according to law, though hundreds are killed in fits of hasty passion, or by slow ill-treatment, and no inquiry is ever made.
According to law, though hundreds are killed in fits of hasty passion, or by slow ill-treatment, and no inquiry is ever made.
Then, turning to the sergeants of the guard, he asked if any papers upon the table had been touched.
Turning to the sergeants of the guard.
Going into another room, the boys clad themselves in two peasant costumes, with the inseparable sheepskin coat which the Russian peasant clings to until the full heat of summer sets in, and which is, especially during a journey, invaluable.
Going into another room, the boys clad themselves in two peasant costumes, with the inseparable sheepskin coat which the Russian peasant clings to until the full heat of summer sets in, and which is, especially during a journey.
Returning into the town, they went up some small streets, entered a small eating-house, and asked for food, for the stock with which they had started four days before had been exhausted the previous evening.
Returning into the town.
Travelling in this way, without any interruption or incident save an occasional demand for a view of their passport by some Russian official, they journeyed across the south of Russia, and ten days after leaving Odessa they entered Poland.
Travelling in this way, without any interruption or incident save an occasional demand for a view of their passport by some Russian official.
Travelling in this way, without any interruption or incident save an occasional demand for a view of their passport by some Russian official, they journeyed across the south of Russia, and ten days after leaving Odessa they entered Poland.at their difficulties would be far greater than before, and that their characters as Polish soldiers on their way home could no longer be sustained.
Travelling in this way, without any interruption or incident save an occasional demand for a view of their passport by some Russian official.
Walking about the room, she gave them lessons in carriage and manner, imitated herself the air with which the general's daughters bowed to the officers as they saluted them as they passed, and even gave them instructions in the tone of voice in which they should order the driver to take the way to the public promenade.
Walking about the room.
Thus the French were to assault in six columns, numbering in all 36,000 men, with reserves of 25,000.
Numbering in all 36,000 men, with reserves of 25,000.
Something like this was the tale told by scores of wounded men, and it is little wonder that, sore with defeat and disappointment, and heart-sick at the loss which had been suffered, the feelings of the army found vent in deep grumblings at the generals who had sent out a handful of men to assault a fortress.
Something like this was the tale told by scores of wounded men, and it is little wonder that.
Retiring to some quiet place apart from their comrades, they read through their letters again and again, and it is not till every little item is got by heart, that the letters are folded up and put away, to be re-read over and over again until the next batch arrive.
Retiring to some quiet place apart from their comrades.
Searching about, Jack found that the clump of trees extended for some little distance.
Searching about.
Returning to the lieutenant, they entered the wood, and moved a little way among the trees, so as to be out of sight if the fog lifted suddenly.
Returning to the lieutenant.
Driving before the gale was a ship's boat, a rag of sail was set, and they could see figures on board.
Driving before the gale was a ship's boat, a rag of sail was set, and they could see figures on board.
At length, when night came on, the Russian general, seeing that the tremendous slaughter which his troops were suffering availed nothing, withdrew them from the attack.
Seeing that the tremendous slaughter which his troops were suffering availed nothing.
At length, when night came on, the Russian general, seeing that the tremendous slaughter which his troops were suffering availed nothing, withdrew them from the attack.hed forward.
Seeing that the tremendous slaughter which his troops were suffering availed nothing.
Feeling that he was becoming more and more in love with Olga, he determined to make some excuse to leave Paris, intending upon his return to apply at once to be sent on active service.
Feeling that he was becoming more and more in love with Olga.
Slacking at games must be out of the question.
Slacking at games must be out of the question.
Matters came to a crisis over a difficult bit of Vergil.wobbling of Winona's shaky subjects.
Vergil.wobbling of Winona's shaky subjects.
Winona, standing at attention beside the desk, dropped her own eyes before the steady, searching gaze.
Standing at attention beside the desk.
Members will meet at station for the 12.45 train to Powerscroft, returning by the 5.30 from Chartwell.
Returning by the 5.30 from Chartwell.
He came out of the church in the course of a few minutes, holding in his hand--the old helmet!
Holding in his hand--the old helmet!
Judging from the children's correspondence the new governess at Highfield, after a stormy beginning, was making some impressions upon her wild little pupils.
Judging from the children's correspondence the new governess at Highfield, after a stormy beginning, was making some impressions upon her wild little pupils.
Their games, owing to the general bumpiness of the ground, had at least the charm of variety and excitement, and four umpires had to keep careful and continual watch in order to decide whether the balls went over or under the tape, which indeed collapsed occasionally, as the poles were only sticks cut from the hedge.
Owing to the general bumpiness of the ground.
Beatrice, being on kitchen duty, had access to the salt-box.
Being on kitchen duty.
Owing to the exertions of our former 'Head' and prefects a most excellent foundation has been laid.
Owing to the exertions of our former 'Head' and prefects a most excellent foundation has been laid.
Owing to changes on the staff, she now had charge of IV.a. and taught mathematics throughout the junior forms, so that the seniors saw little of her in school hours.
Owing to changes on the staff.
There was a portrait of Lieutenant Mainwaring among the number, and this she placed on her dressing-table, side by side with Percy's photograph.
Mainwaring among the number, and this she placed on her dressing-table.
According to Elsie it was a very bad likeness, but as Winona had not seen the original, except at a distance, she had no means of judging.
According to Elsie it was a very bad likeness, but as Winona had not seen the original, except at a distance.
Miss Beach, sitting by her side, showed her how to put the low gear in, then to put in the clutch.
Sitting by her side.
So Winona, finding that her offers of sympathy met with no response, drew back into her shell, and the two continued to live as before, on terms of friendship but never of intimacy.
Finding that her offers of sympathy met with no response.
Thrilling in every nerve, Winona started back.
Thrilling in every nerve.
Her aunt, sitting by the window in the gathering twilight, did not hear her enter.
Sitting by the window in the gathering twilight.
It's most wearisome to jog along in these local trains, stopping at every tiny little station.
Stopping at every tiny little station.
The next, being of good length, she played quietly to long-off for one.
Being of good length.
The next, being of good length, she played quietly to long-off for one.t to take risks, and the rest of the over she did not attempt to score.
Being of good length.
The value of these criticisms, coming from practical sources of the highest authority, can not well be overestimated, and the publishers take this occasion to express their thanks and their indebtedness to all who have thus kindly assisted them in this work.
Coming from practical sources of the highest authority, can not well be overestimated, and the publishers take this occasion to express their thanks and their indebtedness to all who have thus kindly assisted them in this work.
Transportation and Planting of Seeds H. D. Thoreau.
Planting of Seeds H. D. Thoreau.
A diphthong is a union of two vocals, commencing with one and ending with the other.
Commencing with one and ending with the other.
It is useless to point out the beauties of nature to one who is blind'.e sum and blind, according to Rule VI, would take the falling inflection, but as they are emphatic, and the object of emphasis is to draw attention to the word emphasized, this is here accomplished in part by giving an unusual inflection.
According to Rule VI, would take the falling inflection, but as they are emphatic, and the object of emphasis is to draw attention to the word emphasized, this is here accomplished in part by giving an unusual inflection.
There was a page, or favorite boy servant, waiting in the hall, and upon him the King called.
Waiting in the hall, and upon him the King called.
Now the old gentleman, being of a singular disposition had prepared a room in such a way that he might easily know if any of the young people who applied were given to meddle unnecessarily with things around them, or to peep into cupboards and drawers.
Being of a singular disposition had prepared a room in such a way that he might easily know if any of the young people who applied were given to meddle unnecessarily with things around them, or to peep into cupboards and drawers.
For the Lord is a great God, and a great King above all gods.
King above all gods.
According to the ancient fable, Apollo, the god of music, sowed the isle of Delos, his birthplace, with golden flowers, by the music of his lyre. XVII.
According to the ancient fable.
Being of a modest and retiring disposition, Mr. Hawthorne avoided publicity.
Being of a modest and retiring disposition.
Ru'bi-cund, inclining to red-ness.
Inclining to red-ness.
Pa-thet'ic, moving to pity or grief.
Moving to pity or grief.
We next hear of him, with myriads of his kind, banqueting among the reeds of the Delaware, and grown corpulent with good feeding.
Banqueting among the reeds of the Delaware, and grown corpulent with good feeding.
Gas-tro-nom'ic, relating to the science of good eating.
Relating to the science of good eating.
3. rustics, crowding round their empty barns, with folded arms and sorrowful countenances, pondering on their misery, instead of rejoicing, as usual, at the golden harvest.
Crowding round their empty barns, with folded arms and sorrowful countenances, pondering on their misery.
Talking as you did all breakfast time about your buttons!
Talking as you did all breakfast time about your buttons!
He hears his daughter's voice Singing in the village choir,.
Singing in the village choir,.
It sounds to him like her mother's voice Singing in Paradise!
Singing in Paradise!
Si-mul-ta'ne-ous, happening at the same time.
Happening at the same time.
Just at that moment a horseman came into sight, galloping down hill, his steed covered with foam.
Galloping down hill.
Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous' works.
Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous' works.
It bore the resemblance of a huge polar bear, reposing upon the base of an inverted cone, with a twist of a seashell, and whirling slowly round and round.
Reposing upon the base of an inverted cone, with a twist of a seashell, and whirling slowly round and round.
It bore the resemblance of a huge polar bear, reposing upon the base of an inverted cone, with a twist of a seashell, and whirling slowly round and round.r-attending green water, with its aerial clearness, enabled us to see its spiral folds and horns as they hung suspended in the deep. 2.
Reposing upon the base of an inverted cone, with a twist of a seashell, and whirling slowly round and round.r-attending green water, with its aerial clearness.
Pan'to-mime, acting without speaking, dumb show.
Acting without speaking.
In-sur'gent, rising in opposition to authority.
Rising in opposition to authority.
Or, missing that, Shoot out an eye?
Missing that.
Neth'er, lower, lying beneath.
Lying beneath.
(Rushing into Tell's arms.).
Rushing into Tell's arms.).
(Rushing in with Albert.).
Rushing in with Albert.).
Mor'al, relating to duty or obligation.
Relating to duty or obligation.
Em-pyr'e-al, relating to the highest and purest region of the heavens.
Relating to the highest and purest region of the heavens.
In-tel-lec'tu-al, treating of the mind.
Treating of the mind.
3. Ves'per, pertaining to the evening service in the Roman Catholic Church.
Pertaining to the evening service in the Roman Catholic Church.
7. to form a line, stretching across the lower part of the valley, so as to connect the two wings.
Stretching across the lower part of the valley, so as to connect the two wings.
Lit'er-al-ly, according to the first and natural meaning of words.
According to the first and natural meaning of words.
Pros'trate, lying at length.
Lying at length.
Pro-spec'tive, relating to the future.
Relating to the future.
Lee, pertaining to the side opposite that against which the wind blows.
Pertaining to the side opposite that against which the wind blows.
Co-quet'ry, trifling in love.
Trifling in love.
Pen'-ance, suffering for sin.
Suffering for sin.
If there are any nut trees, which still retain their nuts, standing at a distance without the wood, their paths often lead directly to and from them.
Standing at a distance without the wood.
Drawing with every day!
Drawing with every day!
Warming with his theme, he would become quite eloquent in describing the long career of discouragement which these rash men had brought upon themselves, and which he said, to his knowledge, must have shortened their lives.
Warming with his theme.
THE MARINER'S DREAM.m Dimond (b. 1780, d. 1837) was a dramatist and poet, living at Bath, England, where he was born and received his education.
Living at Bath.
Coral is the solid part of a minute sea animal, corresponding to the bones in other animals.
Corresponding to the bones in other animals.
The pigeons, arriving by thousands, alighted everywhere, one above another, until solid masses, as large as hogsheads, were formed on the branches all round.
Arriving by thousands.
Sub'se-quent, following in time.
Following in time.
Tru'ant, wandering from business, loitering.
Wandering from business.
Nothing but fires from this time forward.
Nothing but fires from this time forward.
An-te-di-lu'-vi-an (literally, existing before the flood), very ancient.
Existing before the flood).
Im-plic'it, trusting without doubt.
Trusting without doubt.
Cu'li-na-ry, relating to the kitchen.
Relating to the kitchen.
Her father, with his great, gray beard and heavy brow, became the King of Thule, living in this solitary house overlooking the sea, and having memories of a dear sweetheart.
King of Thule, living in this solitary house overlooking the sea, and having memories of a dear sweetheart.
Her father, with his great, gray beard and heavy brow, became the King of Thule, living in this solitary house overlooking the sea, and having memories of a dear sweetheart.low under the sunset, what strange and unutterable thoughts must appear in the wonder of her face!
King of Thule, living in this solitary house overlooking the sea, and having memories of a dear sweetheart.low under the sunset, what strange and unutterable thoughts must appear in the wonder of her face!
Owing to the war having been an unsuccessful one for our arms, British writers have avoided the subject, and it has been left for American historians to describe.
Owing to the war having been an unsuccessful one for our arms.
Owing to the war having been an unsuccessful one for our arms, British writers have avoided the subject, and it has been left for American historians to describe.only, have, naturally, and no doubt insensibly, given a very strong color to their own views of the events, and English writers have been too much inclined to accept their account implicitly.
Owing to the war having been an unsuccessful one for our arms.
Seeing that all was quiet, I conjectured that it was probably an attempt on the part of a spy to discover if we were upon the alert.
Seeing that all was quiet.
Motioning to the Seneca to remain quiet, Peter sauntered cautiously out on to the clearing where the camp was formed.
Motioning to the Seneca to remain quiet.
It's no easy matter, traveling at the pace they are.
Traveling at the pace they are.
In half an hour they were abreast of the flotilla, consisting of flatboats laden with troops.
Consisting of flatboats laden with troops.
In half an hour they were abreast of the flotilla, consisting of flatboats laden with troops.
Consisting of flatboats laden with troops.
General Carleton, seeing that Montgomery's whole force was retained idle before St. John's, began to hope that the winter would come to his assistance before the invaders had made any serious progress.
Seeing that Montgomery's whole force was retained idle before St. John's.
Nothing of the sort was attempted, and the only choice offered to a loyalist was to remain in the town, exposed to certain insult and ill treatment, perhaps to death, at the hands of the rebels, or to leave in the transports for England or Halifax and to be landed here penniless and starving.
Nothing of the sort was attempted, and the only choice offered to a loyalist was to remain in the town, exposed to certain insult and ill treatment, perhaps to death, at the hands of the rebels, or to leave in the transports for England or Halifax and to be landed here penniless and starving.
And thus, with comparatively little loss, the Americans drew off, leaving behind them only a few heavy cannon and some bayonets and stores.
Leaving behind them only a few heavy cannon and some bayonets and stores.
The Americans, finding that they were not pursued, rallied from their panic and took up a position at Harlem and Kingsbridge.
Finding that they were not pursued.
The American loss, owing to their superior position, was about 150 killed and wounded, but the prisoners taken amounted to over 3000.
Owing to their superior position.
The American loss, owing to their superior position, was about 150 killed and wounded, but the prisoners taken amounted to over 3000.lis, who marched to Fort Lee and surprised it.
Owing to their superior position.
Paying for the breakfast, they started at once in the direction of Mount Holly, which lay some twenty-five miles away.
Paying for the breakfast.
Returning to a spot on the banks of the river at a short distance from the town, they made a fire, on which Jake cooked some steaks of venison they had procured.
Returning to a spot on the banks of the river at a short distance from the town.
The garrison, consisting of 800 men, set fire to the place and withdrew without firing a shot.
Consisting of 800 men.
Learning that General Prescott, who commanded at Rhode Island, had his headquarters at a distance of a mile from his troops, he crossed from the mainland in two boats, seized the general in his bed, and carried him off through the British fleet.
Learning that General Prescott, who commanded at Rhode Island, had his headquarters at a distance of a mile from his troops.
Finding that Peter and his companions were about to start, Deer Tail said that, instead of waiting for the feast, he would take five of his warriors and accompany them.
Finding that Peter and his companions were about to start.
On September 13 General Burgoyne, having with immense labor collected thirty days' provisions on the Hudson, crossed the river by a bridge of boats and encamped on the heights of Saratoga.
Having with immense labor collected thirty days' provisions on the Hudson.
Scouting in front of the column, they had ascertained the presence of large numbers of the enemy, and had, by hastening back with the news, enabled the German colonel to make some preparations for resistance before the attack was made upon him.
Scouting in front of the column.
Scouting in front of the column, they had ascertained the presence of large numbers of the enemy, and had, by hastening back with the news, enabled the German colonel to make some preparations for resistance before the attack was made upon him.em to repel the attack from that quarter, and when the Germans gave way they effected their escape into the woods and managed to rejoin the army.
Scouting in front of the column.
Peering between some loose rocks, so that he could see without exposing his head above the line, Harold watched the five Indians approaching.
Peering between some loose rocks, so that he could see without exposing his head above the line.
Pontiac's confederacy, finding as they hadn't got none of the successes he promised 'em, was beginning to break up, and the English saw no chance of doing any good by hunting the redskins among the forests, so both parties was willing for peace.
Finding as they hadn't got none of the successes he promised 'em.
Hearing that General Lincoln was advancing against him, Colonel Maitland sent all his sick, baggage, and horses across to the island, and placed the post as far as possible in a defensive position.
Hearing that General Lincoln was advancing against him.
The Americans, finding that all their efforts to carry the post were unavailing, fell back to the forest.
Finding that all their efforts to carry the post were unavailing.
The second division, consisting of provincial troops and two battalions of the Seventy-first Regiment, followed as a reserve.
Consisting of provincial troops and two battalions of the Seventy-first Regiment.
General Gist, alone of all the American commanders, was able to keep together about 100 men, who, flying across the swamp on their right, through which they could not be pursued by the cavalry, made their escape in a body.
Flying across the swamp on their right, through which they could not be pursued by the cavalry.
Stepping into one of these, they unloosed the head-rope and pushed out into the stream.
Stepping into one of these.
At this moment the British guns, advancing along the road through the wood, issued into the open and checked the pursuit of the Americans by a well-directed fire.
Advancing along the road through the wood.
General Greene, advancing with his whole army, arrived only in time to see the last of the sallying party re-enter the village.
Advancing with his whole army.
On the 16th, finding that he must either surrender or break through, he determined to cross the river and fall on the French rear with his whole force and then turn northward and force his way through Maryland, Pennsylvania, and the Jerseys.
Finding that he must either surrender or break through.
By England's Aid or, The Freeing of the Netherlands, 1585-1604.
Freeing of the Netherlands, 1585-1604.
Besides, nothing of that sort is going to happen to us.
Nothing of that sort is going to happen to us.
Besides, nothing of that sort is going to happen to us.to put up our puce doublets that we had for the jousting at the castle, and our red hose and our dark green cloth slashed trunks.
Nothing of that sort is going to happen to us.to put up our puce doublets that we had for the jousting at the castle, and our red hose and our dark green cloth slashed trunks.
Turning to the left when he reached the top of the stairs the chandler opened a door.
Turning to the left when he reached the top of the stairs the chandler opened a door.
Geoffrey and Lionel, finding that their services were not required by Captain Vere, mounted on to the wall, and sheltering themselves as well as they could behind the battlements, looked out at what was going on.
Finding that their services were not required by Captain Vere.
Many of the shots, flying over the top of the walls, struck the houses in the city, and the chimneys, tiles, and masses of masonry fell in the streets.
Flying over the top of the walls.
According to the instructions Browne had given him he fastened the end of the rope which was round Browne's body under his own shoulders, then leaning over and taking a firm hold of the rope to which the grapnel was attached, he let himself out of the window.
According to the instructions Browne had given him he fastened the end of the rope which was round Browne's body under his own shoulders, then leaning over and taking a firm hold of the rope to which the grapnel was attached.
The two lads, finding that they were no longer required, hastened back to their quarters, having no wish to be present at the execution of the unhappy wretch whose crime they had been the means of detecting.
Finding that they were no longer required.
Here is Geoffrey with plasters all over the side of his head, and you, Lionel, looking as pale and thin as if you had gone through a long illness.
Looking as pale and thin as if you had gone through a long illness.
Lying by an out-house close by they found a rough ladder, composed of a single pole with bits of wood nailed on to it a foot apart.
Lying by an out-house close by they found a rough ladder, composed of a single pole with bits of wood nailed on to it a foot apart.
Finding that the boys had eaten nothing since they had left Maldon, he ordered food to be brought them, and begged them eat it while he explained to the countess and guests that sudden business that could not be delayed called him away to London.
Finding that the boys had eaten nothing since they had left Maldon.
Passing through the fire of the batteries, they sank the only great ship of war in the roads, drove off the Spanish galleys, and seized the vast fleet of store-ships loaded with wine, corn, and provisions of all sorts for the use of the Armada.
Passing through the fire of the batteries.
Everything of value that could be conveniently moved was transferred to the English ships, then the Spanish vessels were set on fire, their cables cut, and they were left to drift an entangled mass of flame.
Everything of value that could be conveniently moved was transferred to the English ships, then the Spanish vessels were set on fire.
He went down principally at the request of Cecil and other members of the council, who, knowing that he was a favourite of the queen, thought that his representations as to the state of the fleet might do more than they could do to influence her to send supplies to the distressed sailors.
Knowing that he was a favourite of the queen.
Then, seeing that he was entirely surrounded by Spaniards, he left the spar and swam as well as he could to the bow of a great ship close beside him, and grasping a rope trailing from the bowsprit, managed by its aid to climb up until he reached the bobstay, across which he seated himself with his back to the stem.
Seeing that he was entirely surrounded by Spaniards.
Anchoring at Flushing, he learned that the Duke of Parma had already sat down in front of Bergen-op-Zoom, and had on the 7th attempted to capture Tholen on the opposite side of the channel, but had been repulsed by the regiment of Count Solms, with a loss of 400 men.
Anchoring at Flushing.
Leaping from their ponies they ranged themselves by the merchants just as the robbers attacked them.
Leaping from their ponies they ranged themselves by the merchants just as the robbers attacked them.
Lying by one of the wharves was a large boat laden with peat, which was being rapidly unloaded, the peat being sold as soon as landed, as fuel was very short in the city.
Lying by one of the wharves was a large boat laden with peat, which was being rapidly unloaded, the peat being sold as soon as landed, as fuel was very short in the city.
What we propose is, that we should construct a shelter of boards four feet high in the bottom of your boat, leading from your little cabin aft right up to the bow.
Leading from your little cabin aft right up to the bow.
What we propose is, that we should construct a shelter of boards four feet high in the bottom of your boat, leading from your little cabin aft right up to the bow.he peat could be piled over it, and if you entered the port somewhat late in the afternoon you could manage that it was not unladen so as to uncover the roof of our shelter before work ceased for the night.
Leading from your little cabin aft right up to the bow.he peat could be piled over it, and if you entered the port somewhat late in the afternoon you could manage that it was not unladen so as to uncover the roof of our shelter before work ceased for the night.
The burgomaster, finding that the castle had fallen, and that a strong force had arrived, then sent a trumpeter to the castle to arrange for the capitulation of the town, which was settled on the following terms:--.
Finding that the castle had fallen, and that a strong force had arrived.
Feeling that they were indeed at the mercy of their captors, they lay quiet.
Feeling that they were indeed at the mercy of their captors.
Another dyke ran nearly parallel with the first, falling into it at some distance in the rear of Vere's position, and here Prince Maurice stationed himself with a body of horse and foot to cover Vere's retreat.
Falling into it at some distance in the rear of Vere's position, and here Prince Maurice stationed himself with a body of horse and foot to cover Vere's retreat.
The Governor Gysant, rushing to the rescue without staying to put on his armour, was killed.
Rushing to the rescue without staying to put on his armour.
The Governor Gysant, rushing to the rescue without staying to put on his armour, was killed., and to his profound astonishment was met by a deputation from the city asking for terms of surrender.
Rushing to the rescue without staying to put on his armour.
Henry IV., knowing that peace with Spain meant an end of the civil war that had so long exhausted France, at once accepted the terms of Philip, and made a separate peace, in spite of the remonstrances of the ambassadors of England and Holland, to both of which countries he owed it in no small degree that he had been enabled to support himself against the faction of the Guises backed by the power of Spain.
Knowing that peace with Spain meant an end of the civil war that had so long exhausted France, at once accepted the terms of Philip, and made a separate peace, in spite of the remonstrances of the ambassadors of England and Holland, to both of which countries he owed it in no small degree that he had been enabled to support himself against the faction of the Guises backed by the power of Spain.
I find you here, looking for all the world like a merchant of the city?
Looking for all the world like a merchant of the city?
They did not believe me, saying that I must be some criminal who had escaped from justice, and the captain said he should give me up at the next port the ship touched.
Saying that I must be some criminal who had escaped from justice, and the captain said he should give me up at the next port the ship touched.
They did not believe me, saying that I must be some criminal who had escaped from justice, and the captain said he should give me up at the next port the ship touched.o, and a quarter of an hour later a boat came alongside, and I again heard English spoken for the first time since I had left you at Cadiz.
Saying that I must be some criminal who had escaped from justice, and the captain said he should give me up at the next port the ship touched.o, and a quarter of an hour later a boat came alongside, and I again heard English spoken for the first time since I had left you at Cadiz.
Founding on this fact, Dr Black of Edinburgh proved by experiment that a very thin bag, filled with this gas, would rise to the ceiling of a room.
Founding on this fact.
On the 5th June 1783, amidst a very large concourse of spectators, the spherical bag or balloon, consisting of different pieces of linen, merely buttoned together, was suspended from cross poles.
Consisting of different pieces of linen.
This they did very dexterously, considering that they were so unaccustomed to such navigation, throwing on just as much fuel as was sufficient for the purpose, and keeping clear of steeples and chimneys until they alighted in safety beyond the Boulevards.
Considering that they were so unaccustomed to such navigation, throwing on just as much fuel as was sufficient for the purpose, and keeping clear of steeples and chimneys until they alighted in safety beyond the Boulevards.
Finding that the loss of his wings and some other articles had lightened him considerably, he quietly cut the cord and bade the clowns an abrupt farewell!
Finding that the loss of his wings and some other articles had lightened him considerably.
Finding that the loss of his wings and some other articles had lightened him considerably, he quietly cut the cord and bade the clowns an abrupt farewell!
Finding that the loss of his wings and some other articles had lightened him considerably.
After several ineffectual attempts, Tytler, finding that he could not carry up his fire-stove with him, determined, in the maddening desperation of disappointment, to go without this his sole sustaining power.
Finding that he could not carry up his fire-stove with him.
Jumping into his car, which was no other than a common crate used for packing earthenware, he and the balloon ascended from Comely Garden, and immediately afterwards fell in the Restalrig Road.
Jumping into his car, which was no other than a common crate used for packing earthenware.
Touching on this, he writes thus:--.
Touching on this.
Considering that the avenues encircling that vast space were filled to suffocation, so that we found it extremely difficult to force our way to the open ground reserved for tickets, and that all the housetops were occupied by spectators, we think the number of persons present may fairly be stated at 80,000.
Considering that the avenues encircling that vast space were filled to suffocation, so that we found it extremely difficult to force our way to the open ground reserved for tickets, and that all the housetops were occupied by spectators.
Considering that the avenues encircling that vast space were filled to suffocation, so that we found it extremely difficult to force our way to the open ground reserved for tickets, and that all the housetops were occupied by spectators, we think the number of persons present may fairly be stated at 80,000.some cavalry, being present to maintain order.
Considering that the avenues encircling that vast space were filled to suffocation, so that we found it extremely difficult to force our way to the open ground reserved for tickets, and that all the housetops were occupied by spectators.
Hours, passing from place to place, and making observations.
Passing from place to place, and making observations.
Glowing with the ardour of a man whose faith is refreshingly great, he tells us that the time has at last come when the atmosphere must yield to man.
Glowing with the ardour of a man whose faith is refreshingly great.
Luckily Louis, the King of France, heard of this and was quite incensed, ordering the British prisoners to be released and treated as hospitably as possible, while the captain of the warship was to be cast into the prison.
King of France.
On it came, careering on the crest of a large glassy wave.
Careering on the crest of a large glassy wave.
Some of them were quickly upon it, grappling with the Englishmen who rushed forward to oppose the landing.
Grappling with the Englishmen who rushed forward to oppose the landing.
Some of them were quickly upon it, grappling with the Englishmen who rushed forward to oppose the landing.o join in the fray.
Grappling with the Englishmen who rushed forward to oppose the landing.o join in the fray.
Acting on this advice, they soon began to feel a little less miserable.
Acting on this advice.
I would not trouble you or the King about this,.
King about this,.
Might, seeing that melted lead and flaming masses of wood and other substances were falling thickly round them.
Seeing that melted lead and flaming masses of wood and other substances were falling thickly round them.
Smeaton, agreeing with them, lay-to the whole of the 24th, and then, casting anchor, debated whether it were better to make for the coast of France or try to reach the Scilly Islands.
Agreeing with them.
Owing to this, Smeaton could not get off to be at the lighting-up of his own building.
Owing to this.
The water-bucket was usually at its place, or, failing that, there were some muddy little pools on the stone below.
Failing that, there were some muddy little pools on the stone below.
A light shone.back to see, not the Dog, but a huge Black Thing with a blazing red eye coming on, yowling and spitting like a yard full of Cats.
Thing with a blazing red eye coming on, yowling and spitting like a yard full of Cats.
Peering from his gold-rimmed glasses, first at a lot of papers, next across the roofs of the city, waiting, watching, for what?
Peering from his gold-rimmed glasses, first at a lot of papers, next across the roofs of the city, waiting, watching, for what?
Peering from his gold-rimmed glasses, first at a lot of papers, next across the roofs of the city, waiting, watching, for what?im, tidings that must reach him before it could be telegraphed: a telegram meant at least an hour's delay at each end.
Peering from his gold-rimmed glasses, first at a lot of papers, next across the roofs of the city, waiting, watching, for what?im.
Many a noble Homer, speeding with a life or death message, has been shot down by one of these wretches and remorselessly made into a pot-pie.
Speeding with a life or death message.
Skimming over the city roofs, he saw a loft of Pigeons, and descending from his high course in two or three great circles, he followed the ingoing Birds to the loft and drank greedily at the water-trough, as he had often done before, and as every pigeon-lover hospitably expects the messengers to do.
Skimming over the city roofs.
And Duskymane, following after the Yellow Wolf, was taught the places and uses of the many signal-stations without any conscious attempt at teaching on the part of his foster-mother.
Following after the Yellow Wolf.
Some frolicsome Calves, playing along-side the trail, grew sober and walked behind their mothers as the river flat was reached.
Playing along-side the trail.
But the others rode eastward, watching for a chance to shoot.
Watching for a chance to shoot.
Walking about them were a number of Partridges, that is, birds like Partridges, only larger and of various colors, red, yellow, and white.
Walking about them were a number of Partridges, that is.
Walking about them were a number of Partridges, that is, birds like Partridges, only larger and of various colors, red, yellow, and white.th the excitement that in a man would have been called buck-fever.
Walking about them were a number of Partridges, that is.
Nothing but dodging could save him now.
Nothing but dodging could save him now.
The Dogs came up by twos and threes, barking at him in a ring, till last the little white one rushed up.
Barking at him in a ring, till last the little white one rushed up.
His head was low, his tail out level, and fifty yards behind him was Dander, sailing like a Hawk over the ground, going twice as fast as the Wolf.
Sailing like a Hawk over the ground, going twice as fast as the Wolf.
It was dreary work--day after day, night after night, sticking in the drifts, digging ourselves out, and still the snow went whirling and playing about us.
Sticking in the drifts, digging ourselves out, and still the snow went whirling and playing about us.
A lanky Hound, trusting to his speed, ran alongside at length and got a side chop from Garou that laid him low.
Trusting to his speed.
None knew, but there he was, hopping on the keystone and singing of Norway's fate and Norway's luck, Of the hiding Troll and the riding Buk.
Hopping on the keystone and singing of Norway's fate and Norway's luck, Of the hiding Troll and the riding Buk.
Some were off to the Newfoundland Banks, tossing about the codfish, and piling them up into stacks that were more profitable than any hay of their own raising.
Tossing about the codfish, and piling them up into stacks that were more profitable than any hay of their own raising.
Dare you trust yourself in your boat upon the sea, chafing as it still is from the late storm?
Chafing as it still is from the late storm?
On he went, stamping along the deck as if he ground an enemy beneath his heel at every step. CHAPTER XV. A LETTER.
Stamping along the deck as if he ground an enemy beneath his heel at every step. CHAPTER XV. A LETTER.
Vain were the pleadings of Blair, and the rougher urgency of Derry, calling on the dying man to lift his eyes to the cross of Christ, trust, and be saved.
Calling on the dying man to lift his eyes to the cross of Christ.
Vain were the pleadings of Blair, and the rougher urgency of Derry, calling on the dying man to lift his eyes to the cross of Christ, trust, and be saved.such a doom.
Calling on the dying man to lift his eyes to the cross of Christ.
Being of an argumentative turn of mind, his college companions had dubbed him Philosopher.
Being of an argumentative turn of mind.
The captain, reaching down one of his great arms, caught it and took a steaming draught.
Reaching down one of his great arms.
Issuing from his own door with the step of an elephantine mouse, the captain went rapidly through several streets to the house of an intimate friend, whom he found at supper with his wife and family.
Issuing from his own door with the step of an elephantine mouse, the captain went rapidly through several streets to the house of an intimate friend, whom he found at supper with his wife and family.
Issuing from his own door with the step of an elephantine mouse, the captain went rapidly through several streets to the house of an intimate friend, whom he found at supper with his wife and family.
Issuing from his own door with the step of an elephantine mouse, the captain went rapidly through several streets to the house of an intimate friend, whom he found at supper with his wife and family.
He was the bosom friend of Ben--a bright ruddy fellow of fourteen, overflowing with animal spirits, and with energy enough for three lads of his size.
Overflowing with animal spirits, and with energy enough for three lads of his size.
Not far from her, leaning over the bulwarks, Benjamin Trench frantically waved a handkerchief and wiped his eyes.
Leaning over the bulwarks.
Steering at the time was a mere matter of form, as a dead calm prevailed.
Steering at the time was a mere matter of form, as a dead calm prevailed.
Tiring at last of his meditations, he went towards a man who appeared to be skulking under the shadow of the long-boat and remarked that it was a fine night, but the man made no reply.
Tiring at last of his meditations.
Polly Samson, in particular, being of a romantic turn of mind, soon dried her eyes, and when called on to assist in the construction of a little place of shelter for herself on the centre of the raft, by means of boxes and sails, she began to think that the life of a castaway might not be so disagreeable after all.
Being of a romantic turn of mind.
Such were some of the exclamations, ending in a long, deep-toned, British cheer, with which the discovery of land was greeted.
Ending in a long.
Returning to the encampment, O'Rook and his companion found their friends busy preparing supper, which consisted of some provisions saved from the raft, and cocoa-nuts.
Returning to the encampment.
Turning on his visitor.
Turning on his visitor.
Returning to his dirty office, Mr Black then proceeded to do a stroke of very dingy business.
Returning to his dirty office.
In short, the place was, according to Polly, a sort of paradise, and would have been almost perfect, but for a tendency in one or two of the men to quarrel, and a powerful disposition in Bob Corkey and Simon O'Rook to argue.
According to Polly, a sort of paradise, and would have been almost perfect, but for a tendency in one or two of the men to quarrel, and a powerful disposition in Bob Corkey and Simon O'Rook to argue.
Clinging to it, he again fell asleep, and did not wake till morning.
Clinging to it.
Looking over the side, he saw what sent a gush of hope and joy to his heart.
Looking over the side.
Believing that he had been observed, he ceased waving his flag of distress.
Believing that he had been observed.
Yes, Watty, gambling for money is dishonourable, believe me!'.
Gambling for money is dishonourable.
Seeing that his companions still slept, he drew from his breast a small Testament, read a few verses, and prayed.
Seeing that his companions still slept.
Recovering from his amazement, and observing the condition of the clerk, he suddenly hurled the cash-book at him.
Recovering from his amazement, and observing the condition of the clerk.
Standing beside the camp fire one evening, while some of the party were cooking and others were arranging things inside the tent Captain Samson looked around him with an unusually heavy sigh.
Standing beside the camp fire one evening, while some of the party were cooking and others were arranging things inside the tent Captain Samson looked around him with an unusually heavy sigh.
Embarking with their boxes of gold-dust they bade farewell to the golden shore, where so many young and vigorous men have landed in hopeful enthusiasm, to meet, too often, with disappointment, if not with death.
Embarking with their boxes of gold-dust they bade farewell to the golden shore, where so many young and vigorous men have landed in hopeful enthusiasm, to meet, too often, with disappointment, if not with death.
Our friends, being among the fortunate few, left it with joy.
Being among the fortunate few.
Panting with exertion when he gained the top, he sat down on a mass of rock and gazed at the old place till tears disturbed his vision.
Panting with exertion when he gained the top.
Panting with exertion when he gained the top, he sat down on a mass of rock and gazed at the old place till tears disturbed his vision.it stood as of yore--no change in the general aspect of things, though there did seem one or two improvements about the cottage.
Panting with exertion when he gained the top.
At last Priscilla bade her new friend good night, and, rising from her luxurious chair, prepared to go back to her own room.
Rising from her luxurious chair.
Maggie rose from her chair, and, going across the room, sat down at her bureau.
Going across the room.
There were no other girls in the library, and Prissie, seeing that Miss Field intended to be confidential, looked at Maggie with a disconsolate air.
Seeing that Miss Field intended to be confidential.
Jacket between folds of tissue-paper, lying on the top of other homely garments.
Lying on the top of other homely garments.
She lay awake for a long time that night, thinking of Penywern Cottage, of tired Aunt Raby, of the little girls who wanted food, and education, and care, and love.
Thinking of Penywern Cottage, of tired Aunt Raby, of the little girls who wanted food, and education, and care, and love.
She ran forward again, and some other girls, coming out of the dining-hall, now came up to Ada and distracted her attention.
Coming out of the dining-hall.
Something in her tone caused Rosalind to turn pale.
Something in her tone caused Rosalind to turn pale.
Now, looking at the fair face, whose roundness of outline was slightly worn, at the eyes which had looked at her for a moment through a veil of sudden tears, she resolved to take the initiative in a matter which she considered quite outside her province.
Looking at the fair face, whose roundness of outline was slightly worn, at the eyes which had looked at her for a moment through a veil of sudden tears.
One walk'd, reciting by herself, and one In this hand held a volume as to read, And smoothed a petted peacock down with that: Some to a low song oar'd a shallop by, Or under arches of the marble bridge Hung.
Reciting by herself, and one In this hand held a volume as to read, And smoothed a petted peacock down with that: Some to a low song oar'd a shallop by, Or under arches of the marble bridge Hung.
Then, seeing that her sadness had brought back the tears to Bessie's eyes, she asked where Bertram had gone.
Seeing that her sadness had brought back the tears to Bessie's eyes.
Musing on this, he saw Mary and Bertram at a little distance, and the idea at once entered his head that this annoyance could be got over by at once proposing to Mary, when it would be thought he was only playing with Maud, while in reality he was attached to Mary.
Musing on this.
Then, looking across the room, she saw some one lying on a bed with hands eagerly outstretched towards her, and.
Looking across the room.
Columbus, writing of his visit to Iceland, says, 'the English, especially those of Bristol, go there with their merchandise.'.
Writing of his visit to Iceland.
Columbus, writing of his visit to Iceland, says, 'the English, especially those of Bristol, go there with their merchandise.'ewfoundland became,.
Writing of his visit to Iceland.
Twenty years later again the Portuguese Magellan, sailing for the King of Spain, discovered the strait still known by his name, passed through it into the Pacific, and reached the Philippines.
Sailing for the King of Spain.
It was his son Philip II who, failing of election as Emperor, lived only in Spain, concentrated the machinery of government in Madrid, and became so unpopular elsewhere.
Failing of election as Emperor.
Musing in my mind.
Musing in my mind.
Said Francis I of France to Charles V, King of Spain: 'Your Majesty and the King of Portugal have divided the world between you, offering no part of it to me.
King of Spain: 'Your Majesty and the King of Portugal have divided the world between you, offering no part of it to me.
Calling for a tankard of beer he drank to the health of the gunners, who accounted for most of the five hundred and forty men killed on the Spanish side. '.
Calling for a tankard of beer he drank to the health of the gunners, who accounted for most of the five hundred and forty men killed on the Spanish side. '.
Her Majesty did swear by her Crown that if any within her realm did give the King of Spain to understand hereof they should lose their heads therefor.'.
King of Spain to understand hereof they should lose their heads therefor.'.
Then, turning to the officers, he discharged every one of them for re-appointment at his pleasure.
Turning to the officers.
Then he gave back every man his rank again, explaining that he and they were all servants of Her Majesty together.
Explaining that he and they were all servants of Her Majesty together.
Finding from some arrows that the strangers were Englishmen, he put four hundred soldiers into the only two vessels that had escaped the general wreck produced by Drake's cutting of the cables.
Finding from some arrows that the strangers were Englishmen.
Nothing of the kind:.
Nothing of the kind:.
Then he went west to the Azores, looking for what he called 'some comfortable little dew of Heaven,' that is, of course, more prizes of a richer kind.
Looking for what he called 'some comfortable little dew of Heaven,' that is, of course, more prizes of a richer kind.
Prospecting for Sir Walter Raleigh, they discovered several harbors in North Carolina, then part of the vast 'plantation' of Virginia.
Prospecting for Sir Walter Raleigh.
Everything on deck was as pleasant as a merry-making.
Everything on deck was as pleasant as a merry-making.
Hyde's party, seeing that all the others were retreating, came to the ladder, and asked for an explanation.
Seeing that all the others were retreating.
The titles of the states seem to be entirely arbitrary, and, according to the fancy of their rulers, they were called kingdoms, principalities, electorates, palatinates, margraviates, Grand Duchies, or Duchies.
According to the fancy of their rulers.
The lady, finding that the frail craft, under her present management, behaved very well, sorely as she was tried by the tempest, was encouraged.
Finding that the frail craft, under her present management.
Hauling in the sheet a little, he braced the craft sharp up, and struggled with the elements to clear the headland.
Hauling in the sheet a little.
Passing out of the church, the party walked around it, in order to obtain a complete view of the exterior, whose grandeur can hardly be overrated, even by the enthusiast in architectural beauty.
Passing out of the church, the party walked around it, in order to obtain a complete view of the exterior, whose grandeur can hardly be overrated, even by the enthusiast in architectural beauty.
Descending to the steerage, he removed the handspike with which the cabin door was fastened.
Descending to the steerage.
A wealthy gentleman, living in a country town of moderate size, saw my testimonials, was pleased with them, and engaged me to superintend the education of an orphan niece resident in his family.
Living in a country town of moderate size.
The boy went straight up to his father, passing within two feet of his father's wife, but without even looking at her.
Passing within two feet of his father's wife, but without even looking at her.
Miller, with dignity, rising as he spoke.
Rising as he spoke.
But this was impossible, owing to the peculiar situation of the room.
Owing to the peculiar situation of the room.
Observing that the young man was lying with his face turned from the wardrobe, he seized his opportunity, stepped softly out, and gained the middle of the floor before he was seen.
Observing that the young man was lying with his face turned from the wardrobe.
Leaving out of view all that which was behind him, and which, of course, he could not see, we may remark that, just before him stood the binnacle and compass, and the cabin skylight.
Leaving out of view all that which was behind him, and which, of course.
Leaving out of view all that which was behind him, and which, of course, he could not see, we may remark that, just before him stood the binnacle and compass, and the cabin skylight.vits, but, like young lobsters of the kangaroo type, found shelter within their mother, when not at sea on their own account.
Leaving out of view all that which was behind him, and which, of course.
Owing to the force of the current they made the vessel with some difficulty.
Owing to the force of the current they made the vessel with some difficulty.
Finding that it could not escape, it stuck its head in the sand and thought that nobody saw it.
Finding that it could not escape.
Billy Towler, dancing into the middle of the road and revolving his small fists in pugilistic fashion.
Dancing into the middle of the road and revolving his small fists in pugilistic fashion.
Emerging at the lower end of the row, Mr Jones and his small companion hastened along the centre of a narrow street which led them into one of much wider dimensions, named Friar's Lane.
Emerging at the lower end of the row.
Proceeding along this for some time, they diverged to the right into another of the rows not far from the old city-wall, at a place where one of the massive towers still rears its rugged head as a picturesque ruin.
Proceeding along this for some time.
Proceeding along this for some time, they diverged to the right into another of the rows not far from the old city-wall, at a place where one of the massive towers still rears its rugged head as a picturesque ruin., giving to objects the distinctness of daylight.
Proceeding along this for some time.
Going to the drawer in which the surgical instruments were kept, I took out those that suited my purpose, and went to work with a degree of coolness which astonished myself.
Going to the drawer in which the surgical instruments were kept.
The small boy went forward, as he was bid, and, leaning over the bulwark of the Nora, watched for a long time the rippling foam that curled from her bows and slid quietly along her black hull, but Billy's thoughts were not, like his eyes, fixed upon the foam.
Leaning over the bulwark of the Nora.
Seeing that nothing was to be made of his passenger in this way, Morley Jones cast about in his mind to hit upon another expedient to get rid of him, and reproached himself for having been tempted by a good fare to let him have a passage.
Seeing that nothing was to be made of his passenger in this way.
Observing that the sloop was not so near the wreck as he had expected, he suddenly seized the small steersman by the neck and shook him as a terrier dog shakes a rat.
Observing that the sloop was not so near the wreck as he had expected.
Billy, smiling with condescension, said he was gratified by their approval.
Smiling with condescension.
A world of sky and water, with ships and boats, resting on their own inverted images, in the midst.
Resting on their own inverted images, in the midst.
Down below there are only fitful puffs now and then, telling of something else in store.
Telling of something else in store.
They soon came near enough to observe that she was a large ship, going to pieces on the sands.
Going to pieces on the sands.
They soon came near enough to observe that she was a large ship, going to pieces on the sands.ifeboat gallantly dashed into the thickest of the fight, and soon got within hail of the wreck.
Going to pieces on the sands.ifeboat gallantly dashed into the thickest of the fight, and soon got within hail of the wreck.
The flares gave forth just enough light to make darkness visible--ropes, masts, yards, sails, everything in indescribable confusion, and the sea breaking over all with a violence that rendered it extremely difficult to maintain a footing even in the most sheltered position.
Everything in indescribable confusion, and the sea breaking over all with a violence that rendered it extremely difficult to maintain a footing even in the most sheltered position.
Acting on this resolve they with one of their men sprang into the raging surf and staggered to the wreck, where they induced two of the crew to leap overboard and brought them safely to the boat.
Acting on this resolve they with one of their men sprang into the raging surf and staggered to the wreck, where they induced two of the crew to leap overboard and brought them safely to the boat.
Judging by their looks that he was highly appreciated, it is just possible that Dick Moy might have been tempted to extend his discourse, had not a move in the crowd showed a general tendency towards dispersion, the rescued people having been removed,.
Judging by their looks that he was highly appreciated.
They all rose, and Nora, seeing that the old woman had fallen into a slumber, also rose and advanced towards the strangers.
Seeing that the old woman had fallen into a slumber.
Everything around her suggested absolute desolation.
Everything around her suggested absolute desolation.
Some of those changes we will now glance at, premising that seven years have passed away since the occurrence of the events recorded in our last chapter.
Premising that seven years have passed away since the occurrence of the events recorded in our last chapter.
Walking to the opening which answered for a door, he passed out and motioned for his visitors to follow.
Walking to the opening which answered for a door.
Howard Lawrence, jesting though he was, spoke the truth, and deeply ashamed are we to confess it.
Jesting though he was.
Seeing that he was not understood, the Pah Utah took the paddle from the canoe and made in the air as if he were impelling the boat, then pausing, he again pointed to the north, and took several long strides in that direction, as though he were going to walk a long distance.
Seeing that he was not understood, the Pah Utah took the paddle from the canoe and made in the air as if he were impelling the boat, then pausing.
Reaching across the boats, he shook hands with them all, at the same time muttering a word or two to each.
Reaching across the boats.
Reaching across the boats, he shook hands with them all, at the same time muttering a word or two to each.of disappointment.
Reaching across the boats.
Looking around they saw several paths by which they could enter the wild, desolate-looking scene before them.
Looking around they saw several paths by which they could enter the wild.
Glaring at the boy like an enraged tiger, he brandished his knife and sprung toward him with such a curdling yell that the youngster sprung trembling back to the furtherest verge of the cavern, and the eyes of the other Indians were all turned toward the expected tragedy.
Glaring at the boy like an enraged tiger.
Motioning to his friends to enter the boat, he towed them to the center of the river, where he loosed the fastenings, and without a word or sign he headed his canoe up stream and sped away.
Motioning to his friends to enter the boat.
The King of Apeland.
King of Apeland.
Scalps--the scalps of Indians, showing that the Comanche and Apache savages had not had it all their own way.
Showing that the Comanche and Apache savages had not had it all their own way.
They were there less than a quarter of a century ago, waving in the dry wind that sweeps over the plains of Chihuahua.
Waving in the dry wind that sweeps over the plains of Chihuahua.
I am here to-day, commanding in this district, with power, I may almost say, over the lives of all around me.
Commanding in this district, with power.
Then, changing to a more careless tone, he added,--.
Changing to a more careless tone.
Fighting like a lion, he had been here, and there, and everywhere.
Fighting like a lion.
Seizing upon the shovels, late dropped from the hands of their now lifeless antagonists, and plying them to better purpose, they soon smothered the flame, and the smoke too, till only a thin drift stole up through the sand thrown thickly over it.
Seizing upon the shovels, late dropped from the hands of their now lifeless antagonists, and plying them to better purpose.
Hurrying outside the corral, he sees two mounted men, nearly a mile off, making in the direction of the cliffs.
Hurrying outside the corral.
Others, acting without orders, still continued to wreak their savage spite upon the bodies of their white victims, submitting them to further mutilation.
Acting without orders.
But they do not remain long in their recumbent position before the sun, sinking behind the western horizon, gives them an opportunity of once more getting upon their feet.
Sinking behind the western horizon.
They are zopilotes--the vultures of Mexico.wheeling in the air above.
Mexico.wheeling in the air above.
He exclaims, coming to a stop.
Coming to a stop.
She at length exclaims, pointing to two mound-shaped elevations that rise twin-like above the level of the plain.
Pointing to two mound-shaped elevations that rise twin-like above the level of the plain.
Alone he hears the echo of his own voice, mingling with the hoarse croaking of the vultures, scared by his shouts.
Mingling with the hoarse croaking of the vultures.
He says, muttering to himself.
Muttering to himself.
Looking at her as she leads him, Walt Wilder mutters to himself,--.
Looking at her as she leads him.
Luckily, a troop of Rangers, scouting in the neighbourhood, came opportunely along, just in time to join them.
Scouting in the neighbourhood.
Luckily, a troop of Rangers, scouting in the neighbourhood, came opportunely along, just in time to join them.ome food themselves, and then on.
Scouting in the neighbourhood.
Failing in his first blow, the great hunter would have him under his heel, to be crushed as a crawling reptile.
Failing in his first blow, the great hunter would have him under his heel, to be crushed as a crawling reptile.
Marching into the town of Albuquerque, he reported himself for duty.
Marching into the town of Albuquerque.
He was the more ready to do so, relying upon a story he intended to tell--that we had overpowered and compelled him.
Relying upon a story he intended to tell--that we had overpowered and compelled him.
Staggering under the weight of their loads, one by one they gave out, dropping down upon the desert plain.
Staggering under the weight of their loads, one by one they gave out, dropping down upon the desert plain.
Turning to the other two, he says,--.
Turning to the other two.
This remote province, lying like an oasis in the midst of uninhabited wilds, was surrounded on all sides by tribes of hostile Indians.
Lying like an oasis in the midst of uninhabited wilds.
By the way, talking of strength, my good Manuel, you don't seem to have quite recovered from your journey, which must have been long and fatiguing.
Talking of strength.
America.valid, recovering from his illness, after the long dark spell that has obscured his intellect, wrapping his soul, as it were, in a shroud--no wonder he fancies the scene to be a sort of Paradise, worthy of being inhabited by Peris.
Recovering from his illness, after the long dark spell that has obscured his intellect, wrapping his soul, as it were, in a shroud--no wonder he fancies the scene to be a sort of Paradise.
Gazing upon it he had almost felt love for the likeness.
Gazing upon it he had almost felt love for the likeness.
Soon the soldier shows himself, saluting as he enters the door.
Saluting as he enters the door.
But from the mouth of the Pecan Creek is one more direct, leading across a spur of the plateau itself, instead of turning its north-eastern extremity.
Leading across a spur of the plateau itself.
According to promise, Miranda has placed his mules at their disposal, and on these they are mounted.
According to promise.
Starting at sunrise, it is still early morning when they reach the upper plain through the ravine between the two twin mountains.
Starting at sunrise.
It is Uraga who puts this interrogatory, pointing to a pair of twin summits seen rising above the horizon to eastward.
Pointing to a pair of twin summits seen rising above the horizon to eastward.
Despite all, the heaviness of heart remains, pressing upon those who listen as on her who sings.
Pressing upon those who listen as on her who sings.
It is a night of dread anxiety, seeming to them an age.
Seeming to them an age.
It is a night of dread anxiety, seeming to them an age.hink not of taking sleep--they could not.
Seeming to them an age.hink not of taking sleep--they could not.
Lifting at length, there is displayed a scene not very different from what they have been expecting.
Lifting at length, there is displayed a scene not very different from what they have been expecting.
Then the troop files off from the front of the jacal, disappearing under the trees like a gigantic glittering serpent.
Disappearing under the trees like a gigantic glittering serpent.
Something of this sort was on their minds as they last saw him over the crest of the ridge.
Something of this sort was on their minds as they last saw him over the crest of the ridge.
Keeping in the saddle, he sits in silent meditation.
Keeping in the saddle.
The troop, going by twos, is again drawn out in an elongated line, the arms and accoutrements of the soldiers glancing in the sun, while the breeze floats back the pennons of their lances.
Going by twos.
Something like a second remains in his admiration of the same quality in others.
Something like a second remains in his admiration of the same quality in others.
Looking at this ugly scar, and into the eye above it, I fancy you will not think it necessary to repeat the question.
Looking at this ugly scar, and into the eye above it.
Something of apprehension, perhaps actual fear.
Something of apprehension, perhaps actual fear.
Mingling with the horses' tramp.
Mingling with the horses' tramp.
, moreover, having for its object not only the defeat of a hated foe, but the recovery of captives, beautiful women, as their old comrade Walt enthusiastically describes them, is the very thing to rouse the Rangers to energetic action, rekindling in their hearts the spirit of frontier chivalry--the same which led them to become Rangers.
Having for its object not only the defeat of a hated foe, but the recovery of captives.
, moreover, having for its object not only the defeat of a hated foe, but the recovery of captives, beautiful women, as their old comrade Walt enthusiastically describes them, is the very thing to rouse the Rangers to energetic action, rekindling in their hearts the spirit of frontier chivalry--the same which led them to become Rangers.d enthusiasm they do not proceed rashly.
Having for its object not only the defeat of a hated foe, but the recovery of captives.
They are some paces apart, lying on the grass, both bound.
Lying on the grass, both bound.
In ten more they are among their horses, drawing in the trail-ropes and bridling them.
Drawing in the trail-ropes and bridling them.
Arriving on its edge, Hamersley sees this at a glance.
Arriving on its edge.
Arriving on its edge, Hamersley sees this at a glance.
Arriving on its edge.
As they ride back to the road, they leave behind them a tableau, telling of a spectacle just passed--one having a frightful finale.
Telling of a spectacle just passed--one having a frightful finale.
Two days they stay there, chafing with angry impatience.
Chafing with angry impatience.
Going inside the copse, they observe other signs that speak of an encampment.
Going inside the copse.
Through its midst the streamlet meanders above, issuing out of the timber, and below again entering it.
Issuing out of the timber, and below again entering it.
Still worse, when Uraga, calling to Galvez to come to him, mutters some words in his ear.
Calling to Galvez to come to him.
Starting to his feet, Uraga rushes after.
Starting to his feet.
The adjutant, acting as Ganymede, pours out the liquor and hands the cup to his colonel, which the latter quaffs off.
Acting as Ganymede.
Well do they remember it, pealing among the waggons on that day of real ruthless carnage.
Pealing among the waggons on that day of real ruthless carnage.
Soon it does drop, for Hamersley, following in close pursuit, delivers a second shot from the revolver.
Following in close pursuit.
Commands Wilder, pointing to the prisoners.
Pointing to the prisoners.
After it another interval of silence, resembling that which usually precedes the falling of the gallows drop.
Resembling that which usually precedes the falling of the gallows drop.
Its teamsters take their siesta, reposing in full confidence.
Reposing in full confidence.
Fleeing into the woods or high hills, they peeped out from their coverts, uttering strange cries and indulging in grotesque gestures, the meaning of which could hardly be mistaken.
Fleeing into the woods or high hills.
Then a heavy trunk would strike a rock just below the surface, and the branches, dripping with spray, swept over in a huge semi-circle.
Dripping with spray.
Interesting under any circumstances, they were vastly more so at this time.
Interesting under any circumstances.
Interesting under any circumstances, they were vastly more so at this time.
Interesting under any circumstances.
Being in the Professor's line of vision the latter observed the suspicious movement, and it cannot be said that it added to his comfort.
Being in the Professor's line of vision the latter observed the suspicious movement, and it cannot be said that it added to his comfort.
Concluding that he had undertaken a futile task, he hastily climbed to his feet to await the return of Long who, he was satisfied, would attempt only a brief pursuit.
Concluding that he had undertaken a futile task.
Concluding that he had undertaken a futile task, he hastily climbed to his feet to await the return of Long who, he was satisfied, would attempt only a brief pursuit.
Concluding that he had undertaken a futile task.
Being within the forest, they were favored with but little of the moonlight, which proved such a help to their friends in their ascent of the bank of the Xingu to the head of the rapids.
Being within the forest.
Being within the forest, they were favored with but little of the moonlight, which proved such a help to their friends in their ascent of the bank of the Xingu to the head of the rapids.etation overhead and illuminated the trail sufficiently to prevent their wandering from it.
Being within the forest.
Stooping over, he grasped the shoulders of the body and drew it further from the path, in the hope that it would remain unnoticed.
Stooping over.
Stooping over, he grasped the shoulders of the body and drew it further from the path, in the hope that it would remain unnoticed.tarted on his sorrowful return to his friends.
Stooping over.
Anything like timidity or hesitation meant sure destruction, and the whites knew it.
Anything like timidity or hesitation meant sure destruction, and the whites knew it.
Awaking to their danger, the warriors, dropped down so low in the water that the log intervened between them and the deadly marksman.
Awaking to their danger, the warriors, dropped down so low in the water that the log intervened between them and the deadly marksman.
Nothing in the world was easier than for the explorer to extinguish the life in that impressive specimen of physical manhood, without the least risk to himself, and yet, although he knew him to be the most formidable enemy of his people, he held no thought of doing him harm--at least not at the present stage of his extraordinary business.
Nothing in the world was easier than for the explorer to extinguish the life in that impressive specimen of physical manhood, without the least risk to himself, and yet, although he knew him to be the most formidable enemy of his people.
Turning about, the giant stooped down and took a spear as long and heavy as the one he had hurled nearly across the Xingu, through the boat of the explorers.
Turning about, the giant stooped down and took a spear as long and heavy as the one he had hurled nearly across the Xingu, through the boat of the explorers.
Turning about, the giant stooped down and took a spear as long and heavy as the one he had hurled nearly across the Xingu, through the boat of the explorers.
Turning about, the giant stooped down and took a spear as long and heavy as the one he had hurled nearly across the Xingu, through the boat of the explorers.
Whirling about, he confronted the beast once more, as he was gathering himself for a second leap.
Whirling about.
Ziffak was a favorite of the beauteous Ariel, and it is not improbable that, knowing as he did, her lamentation over the cruel death of the white men, who appeared at her home three years before, he was more willing than would otherwise have been the case to stay his hand, after doing such yeoman service against the.
Knowing as he did.
Ziffak was a favorite of the beauteous Ariel, and it is not improbable that, knowing as he did, her lamentation over the cruel death of the white men, who appeared at her home three years before, he was more willing than would otherwise have been the case to stay his hand, after doing such yeoman service against theew-comers.
Knowing as he did.
But, with the departure of Ziffak, something like a distrust of his friendship entered the minds of the three whites.
Something like a distrust of his friendship entered the minds of the three whites.
Pausing in the very middle of the dusky force, he addressed them in their native tongue, with savage gestures and a fierceness of tones which rendered every word audible amid the roaring tumult.
Pausing in the very middle of the dusky force.
Reaching into the canoe, Ashman seized Bippo by the nape of the neck and hoisted him out on land.
Reaching into the canoe.
The apartment was an oblong one, being at the front, and was characteristically furnished.
Being at the front, and was characteristically furnished.
Being of the same race, he ought to have been a friend, but when the bright moonlight fell upon his face, it showed the countenance of a demon.
Being of the same race.
Knowing that Waggaman and Burkhardt had had much to do with stirring the resentment of the king, he was angry enough to slay both of them.
Knowing that Waggaman and Burkhardt had had much to do with stirring the resentment of the king.
Then, wheeling about, he broke into a run straight for his home, whence came the shots that left no doubt that Professor Grimcke, Jared Long, and perchance their servants were fighting for their lives.
Wheeling about.
Striding to the door he paused on the very threshold and peered out upon the large space in his field of vision.
Striding to the door he paused on the very threshold and peered out upon the large space in his field of vision.
Standing in the door of the building, his figure so wrapped in gloom that it was invisible to the fierce Murhapas, Professor Grimcke cautiously peered out upon the multitude that were clamorously seeking the death of himself and comrade.
Standing in the door of the building.
Standing in the door of the building, his figure so wrapped in gloom that it was invisible to the fierce Murhapas, Professor Grimcke cautiously peered out upon the multitude that were clamorously seeking the death of himself and comrade.eemed to be everywhere.
Standing in the door of the building.
Haffgo, king of the Murhapas, intended to keep his promise to Ziffak, so far as permitting the explorers to remain in his village until the morrow, at which time he intended that the men should be allowed to go in safety.
King of the Murhapas.
Facing about, he flung his arms aloft and shouted to the rest to hurry away before the white man killed them all.
Facing about.
Knowing that it was aimed at her lover, she threw both her arms around his neck and interposed her body to protect him while he stood bewildered, not comprehending what it all meant.
Knowing that it was aimed at her lover.
Rising to his feet, but screening his body as he could, he carefully peered around the cavern of diamonds.
Rising to his feet, but screening his body as he could.
Rising to his feet, but screening his body as he could, he carefully peered around the cavern of diamonds.ubtless make another attempt to reach them.
Rising to his feet, but screening his body as he could.
Looking in the direction of the opening on the other side, he saw Haffgo pass out, followed the next minute or two by the rest of the Murhapas.
Looking in the direction of the opening on the other side.
And in that land, so strange to the beauteous Ariel, daughter of Haffgo, king of the Murhapas, we bid good-by to our friends.
King of the Murhapas.
The rider, flying over its head, alighted on his back, and remained in that position quite motionless, while his alarmed comrades reined up hastily and dismounted.
Flying over its head.
One of these, pausing for one moment beside the dead Indian, seized him by the hair, passed his knife swiftly round the head so as to cut the skin all round, tore off the scalp, and stuck it under his girdle as he leaped on in pursuit.
Pausing for one moment beside the dead Indian.
The trapper, breaking into a trot, led the way, taking care to increase his speed gently, so as to gain on them insensibly, until he had got within about two hundred yards of the nearest, when he went off at full speed with a wild hurrah!
Breaking into a trot.
The trapper, breaking into a trot, led the way, taking care to increase his speed gently, so as to gain on them insensibly, until he had got within about two hundred yards of the nearest, when he went off at full speed with a wild hurrah!ent of the moment, while they hammered the horses' ribs violently with their unarmed heels.
Breaking into a trot.
Passing over the hill they came to a neat little cottage with a small garden in front, in which were a variety of flowers that evidently were well tended.
Passing over the hill they came to a neat little cottage with a small garden in front, in which were a variety of flowers that evidently were well tended.
Will sprang up, burning with anger, and turning sharply round, observed the parrot gazing at him in mute surprise.
Burning with anger, and turning sharply round.
Of course Oswald knew from Kipling that an infantry soldier is called that.
Kipling that an infantry soldier is called that.
Of course Oswald knew from Kipling that an infantry soldier is called that. '.
Kipling that an infantry soldier is called that. '.
And we saw the tops of trees and hedges, looking like the map of the United States, and villages, and a tower that did not look very far away standing by itself on the top of a hill.
Looking like the map of the United States, and villages, and a tower that did not look very far away standing by itself on the top of a hill.
We took the animals in their right order, according to Denny's list.
According to Denny's list.
Then she came towards us, prancing with happiness, but we said 'Down!'.
Prancing with happiness, but we said 'Down!'.
Pettigrew, screaming like a steam-siren and waving a broom, occupied the foreground.
Screaming like a steam-siren and waving a broom.
'Anything for a quiet life,' said Dicky, and Oswald said-- 'Oh, yes, if you like.
Anything for a quiet life,' said Dicky, and Oswald said-- 'Oh, yes, if you like.
Acting with the deepest disguise, we made an awning to cover the Benevolent Bar keepers from the searching rays of the monarch of the skies.
Acting with the deepest disguise.
He did once, tumbling over it. '.
Tumbling over it. '.
He did once, tumbling over it. '.
Tumbling over it. '.
Each of us sprang instinctively towards a tree, feeling that if danger were near its trunk would afford us some protection.
Feeling that if danger were near its trunk would afford us some protection.
But there are people in this world who, supposing that because I am a trader I am therefore prone to exalt trade to an equality with religion, do not give me credit for disinterestedness when I speak.
Supposing that because I am a trader I am therefore prone to exalt trade to an equality with religion.
Seeing that we were immovable, the king eventually gave in, and ordered some of his best men to hold themselves in readiness to start with us on the following morning.
Seeing that we were immovable, the king eventually gave in, and ordered some of his best men to hold themselves in readiness to start with us on the following morning.
She was, according to African notions, an exceedingly pretty young girl, with whom our worthy guide had fallen desperately in love.
According to African notions, an exceedingly pretty young girl, with whom our worthy guide had fallen desperately in love.
Spring on the guards and knock them down with our fists or the hilts of our hunting-knives, or with bits of stick, as suits us best.
Spring on the guards and knock them down with our fists or the hilts of our hunting-knives, or with bits of stick, as suits us best.
Spring on the guards and knock them down with our fists or the hilts of our hunting-knives, or with bits of stick, as suits us best.
Spring on the guards and knock them down with our fists or the hilts of our hunting-knives, or with bits of stick, as suits us best.
The poor girl, feeling that her life depended on it, exerted herself to the utmost, and with the aid of Jack and her lover kept well up.
Feeling that her life depended on it.
Returning into the cave's innermost recess, we lighted one of the torches dropped by the savages, and placing it in a sort of natural niche, seated ourselves on several pieces of rock to rest.
Returning into the cave's innermost recess.
Acting upon this advice, we proceeded cautiously to the several spots indicated, and our guide set off towards an exposed place, where he intended to show himself.
Acting upon this advice.
Turning from this interesting discovery, we were about to continue our walk, when we observed a buffalo bull feeding in the open plain, not more than five or six hundred yards off from us.
Turning from this interesting discovery.
Hearing that our master was a sharp fellow, and somewhat noted as a good manager of obstreperous boys.
Hearing that our master was a sharp fellow, and somewhat noted as a good manager of obstreperous boys.
Hearing that our master was a sharp fellow, and somewhat noted as a good manager of obstreperous boyshim to the master, went her way.
Hearing that our master was a sharp fellow, and somewhat noted as a good manager of obstreperous boyshim to the master, went her way.
Glancing over my shoulder, I saw that the two natives had gained so much on me that had I lain a few seconds longer.
Glancing over my shoulder.
Hasting along it, I found, to my inexpressible relief, that it communicated with the top of the precipice.
Hasting along it.
Springing into a sitting posture, and by an involuntary impulse reaching out my hand for my gun which lay close to me, I beheld a sight that was calculated to appal the stoutest heart.
Springing into a sitting posture, and by an involuntary impulse reaching out my hand for my gun which lay close to me.
Springing into a sitting posture, and by an involuntary impulse reaching out my hand for my gun which lay close to me, I beheld a sight that was calculated to appal the stoutest heart.
Springing into a sitting posture, and by an involuntary impulse reaching out my hand for my gun which lay close to me.
Turning to the left, he went down to the water with a heavy, rolling gait, crushing the shrubs under his ponderous feet in a way that filled me with an exalted idea of his tremendous power.
Turning to the left.
To utter three simultaneous yet fearfully distinct yells of terror, spring over the low parapet of bushes, and fly like the wind in three different directions, was the work of a moment.
Spring over the low parapet of bushes, and fly like the wind in three different directions.
To utter three simultaneous yet fearfully distinct yells of terror, spring over the low parapet of bushes, and fly like the wind in three different directions, was the work of a moment.shing madly down the slope my foot caught in a creeping shrub, and I fell heavily to the earth.
Spring over the low parapet of bushes, and fly like the wind in three different directions.
Creeping like a serpent through the grass, the scout approached near enough to overhear their arrangements, which were to the elect that the attack should take place at midnight of the following day.
Creeping like a serpent through the grass, the scout approached near enough to overhear their arrangements, which were to the elect that the attack should take place at midnight of the following day.
Being out of sight of the other bands, of course I could not see how they acted.
Being out of sight of the other bands, of course I could not see how they acted.
Creeping like a snake through the grass, he succeeded in getting near enough to overhear the conversation, from which he gathered two important pieces of information--namely, that they meant to return to their own lands in a north-easterly direction, and that their prisoners had escaped by means of a canoe which they found on the banks of the river that flowed past King Jambai's village.
Creeping like a snake through the grass.
At the hamlet we will diverge to the north-east, while we, if all goes well, embarking in our canoe, will proceed toward the west coast, where, if we do not overtake them on the way, we shall be certain to find them on our arrival.
Embarking in our canoe, will proceed toward the west coast, where, if we do not overtake them on the way.
Knowing that unless we advanced with more than ordinary speed we could not hope to overtake our friends for several days--.
Knowing that unless we advanced with more than ordinary speed we could not hope to overtake our friends for several days--.
That's a cumprumoise, according to Johnson.
According to Johnson.
Nothing of the kind had ever before been imported into that region of the country.
Nothing of the kind had ever before been imported into that region of the country.
Something like a thunder-cloud seemed to be gathering on Murray's face, and the deep furrows grew deeper, in great rigid lines and curves, while his steel-blue eyes lighted up with a fire that made them unpleasant to look upon.
Something like a thunder-cloud seemed to be gathering on Murray's face, and the deep furrows grew deeper, in great rigid lines and curves, while his steel-blue eyes lighted up with a fire that made them unpleasant to look upon.
It was not a difficult trail to follow, for the lodge pole ends, dragging on the ground, had so deeply marked it that a man like Murray could have found it in the dark.
Dragging on the ground.
Going for our camp?
Going for our camp?
Nothing except a revolver or a lance, and they all had lances.
Nothing except a revolver or a lance, and they all had lances.
Nothing of the kind could be done that night, but there was no saying what might come into their angry minds before morning.
Nothing of the kind could be done that night, but there was no saying what might come into their angry minds before morning.
Turning in the direction.
Turning in the direction.
Glancing along its length, Jarwin saw that here and there the edge was lipping over, while in one place, not far off, the thunder of its fall had already begun.
Glancing along its length.
Embarking on this frail vessel with his dog, he pushed off, and using a piece of plank for an oar, sculled himself over the lagoon.
Embarking on this frail vessel with his dog.
Cuffy, nestling into his breast, placed his chin on his neck, and heaved a deep, contented sigh.
Nestling into his breast.
Of course we cannot prove this, seeing that we have never been cast alone on a desert island (although we have been next thing to it), and cannot positively conclude what would have been the consequences to our castaway if he had rigidly refrained from speech.
Seeing that we have never been cast alone on a desert island (although we have been next thing to it), and cannot positively conclude what would have been the consequences to our castaway if he had rigidly refrained from speech.
Reviving in a little time, he took another sip, and then crawled back to his couch.
Reviving in a little time.
Then, reflecting that he was quite as decently clothed as the other natives about, he turned again and slowly retraced his steps, pretending to be interested in picking stones and plants from the ground.
Reflecting that he was quite as decently clothed as the other natives about.
Then, reflecting that he was quite as decently clothed as the other natives about, he turned again and slowly retraced his steps, pretending to be interested in picking stones and plants from the ground.
Reflecting that he was quite as decently clothed as the other natives about.
There is no reason why suffrage should be a privilege of sex, considering that the duties of citizenship rest as heavily upon woman as upon man.
Considering that the duties of citizenship rest as heavily upon woman as upon man.
Is this even moral?defend directly the interests of her sex, owing to one of those aberrations of the moral sense that spring from the crass egoism and brutal tyranny of man.
Owing to one of those aberrations of the moral sense that spring from the crass egoism and brutal tyranny of man.
According to the old idea, woman's sphere of action should not extend beyond the home, beyond her domestic occupations, and she should be nothing but the glory and delight of her husband and her children.
According to the old idea.
Melvina, glancing from the window, saw London coming up the path with his basket of fish.
Glancing from the window.
But Rebecca Weston and Lucia Horton, sitting in an upper window of the Horton house, looked out at the inspiring scene without wishing to be any nearer.
Sitting in an upper window of the Horton house.
Rebecca, standing on the bluff, shouted aloud.
Standing on the bluff.
But the Sheriff, bowing along his horse's back, made no answer but only spurred the faster.
Bowing along his horse's back.
Plunging into the woods, they came at last to the greenwood tree, where they found Robin Hood and threescore of his merry men lying upon the fresh green grass.
Plunging into the woods.
Seeing that the Tanner had spied him out, Little John put a bold face upon the matter.
Seeing that the Tanner had spied him out.
Choosing among them, he presently found a sapling to his liking.
Choosing among them.
Choosing among them, he presently found a sapling to his liking.
Choosing among them.
After a time he came back, bearing with him a great brown loaf of bread, and a fair, round cheese, and a goatskin full of stout March beer, slung over his shoulders.
Bearing with him a great brown loaf of bread, and a fair.
After a time he came back, bearing with him a great brown loaf of bread, and a fair, round cheese, and a goatskin full of stout March beer, slung over his shoulders.ese into four fair portions, and each man helped himself.
Bearing with him a great brown loaf of bread, and a fair.
But now the Miller, plodding along the road, had come opposite to where the yeomen lay hidden, whereupon all four of them ran at him and surrounded him.
Plodding along the road.
The sound came from over behind the bank, that here was steep and high, dropping from the edge of the road a half a score of feet to the sedgy verge of the river.
Dropping from the edge of the road a half a score of feet to the sedgy verge of the river.
And now, around the bend of the highroad, came others, riding upon horses.
Riding upon horses.
Passing by fair Mansfield Town, with its towers and battlements and spires all smiling in the sun, they came at last out of the forest lands.
Passing by fair Mansfield Town, with its towers and battlements and spires all smiling in the sun.
So, coming at last to a certain spot where a shrine stood at the crossing of two roads, Robin called upon them to stop, for here on.
Coming at last to a certain spot where a shrine stood at the crossing of two roads.
Thereupon, turning to those near him, he gave his orders, and five hundred pounds were counted out and tied up in a leathern bag for Sir Richard.
Turning to those near him.
Quoth Little John, looking upon them with his head on one side.
Looking upon them with his head on one side.
So, talking to himself, he came to where the dusty road turned sharply around the hedge, all tender with the green of the coming leaf, and.
Talking to himself.
Then, looking upon the feast spread upon the ground--and a fair sight it was to look upon--he slowly rubbed his hand over his stomach, for to his hungry eyes it seemed the fairest sight that he had beheld in all his life.
Looking upon the feast spread upon the ground--and a fair sight it was to look upon--he slowly rubbed his hand over his stomach, for to his hungry eyes it seemed the fairest sight that he had beheld in all his life.
Our Queen would fain see thee strive with these, knowing that if thou wilt come thou wilt, with little doubt, carry off the prize.
Knowing that if thou wilt come thou wilt, with little doubt.
Robin's, owning that he could never hope to draw such a bowstring as Robin Hood or Little John.
Owning that he could never hope to draw such a bowstring as Robin Hood or Little John.
Then, striking to the westward and the south, they came at last to the northern borders of Sherwood Forest, without in all that time having met so much as a single band of the King's men.
Striking to the westward and the south.
So off they went, grumbling at having to sleep two in a bed, but their troubles on this score, as well as all others, were soon lost in the quietness of sleep.
Grumbling at having to sleep two in a bed, but their troubles on this score.
And now came the first gust of wind, rushing past the place, clapping and banging the doors and shutters, smelling of the coming rain, and all wrapped in a cloud of dust and leaves.
Rushing past the place, clapping and banging the doors and shutters, smelling of the coming rain, and all wrapped in a cloud of dust and leaves.
Seeing that his strength was going from him, Robin leaped forward, and, quick as a flash, struck a back-handed blow beneath the sword arm.
Seeing that his strength was going from him.
Seeing that his strength was going from him, Robin leaped forward, and, quick as a flash, struck a back-handed blow beneath the sword arm.rasp, and back he staggered at the stroke, and, ere he could regain himself, Robin's sword passed through and through his body.
Seeing that his strength was going from him.
Then, seeing that Little John had armed himself, he clapped his bugle horn to his lips and blew three blasts both loud and shrill.
Seeing that Little John had armed himself.
Art thou the King of England, to talk so to me?
King of England, to talk so to me?
Staggering under its weight, he came forward and hurled it crashing against the door.
Staggering under its weight.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.orm of contractions includes a space.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.orm of contractions includes a space.
Living on a Farm 220 79.
Living on a Farm 220 79.
Burning of Fallow.
Burning of Fallow.
A diphthong is a union of two vocals, commencing with one and ending with the other.
Commencing with one and ending with the other.
Looking up to the window, he took off his hat and bowed with a bright, pleasant smile.
Looking up to the window.
T was Christmas time, and her parents poor Could hardly drive the wolf from the door, Striving with poverty's patient pain Only to live till summer again.
Striving with poverty's patient pain Only to live till summer again.
Looking in, he saw Fred standing at the table with a dishcloth in his hand.
Looking in.
Tom, trembling with terror, seemed to have had no thought but of his own escape.
Trembling with terror.
The hoarse notes of the captain, speaking through his trumpet, are echoed from lip to lip among the rigging.
Speaking through his trumpet.
Harry, standing at a respectful distance, shouted that he never would do any such thing.
Standing at a respectful distance.
Trees are bare, but birds begin Twittering to the peeping leaves, On the bough beneath the eaves.
Twittering to the peeping leaves, On the bough beneath the eaves.
Whispering from the wildwood come Mayflower's breath and insect's hum.
Whispering from the wildwood come Mayflower's breath and insect's hum.
According to the description given by Wilson, he depends, in procuring his food, chiefly upon the labors of others.
According to the description given by Wilson.
According to the description given by Wilson, he depends, in procuring his food, chiefly upon the labors of others.fore it again reaches the water.
According to the description given by Wilson.
Into the starlight, Rushing in spray, Happy at midnight,.
Rushing in spray.
This was the district of England where, according to the story, Robinson Crusoe was born and passed his early life.
According to the story.
2. A. M., an abbreviation for the Latin ante meridian, meaning before noon.
Meaning before noon.
Down fell a great number of the tiny mountains and castles, carrying with them a multitude of frost sprites, and all that could be seen was a drop of water on the window sill.
Carrying with them a multitude of frost sprites, and all that could be seen was a drop of water on the window sill.
Fearing that he would shoot his sharp quills at me, I ran from him as fast as my tired feet would carry me.
Fearing that he would shoot his sharp quills at me.
Con-cen-tra'tion, bringing into a small space, the essence.
Bringing into a small space, the essence.
Two soldiers, lying as they fell Upon the reddened clay--.
Lying as they fell Upon the reddened clay--.
Keel, the principal timber in a ship, extending from bow to stern, at the bottom.
Extending from bow to stern, at the bottom.
Bowling by Jack.
Bowling by Jack.
Two were in their shirt sleeves, bending over an engraver's bench.
Bending over an engraver's bench.
Looking through the crevice, he ascertained that it was a bill that the old man had in his hand.
Looking through the crevice.
Two hours later, leaning on Capt.
Leaning on Capt.
Hurrying along the crowded streets without knowing very well what I meant to do, I at last came to an abrupt halt at the end of the pier.
Hurrying along the crowded streets without knowing very well what I meant to do.
Stopping in front of the old gentleman, I was about to speak when I observed him quietly button up his breeches pocket.
Stopping in front of the old gentleman.
Its ears were two small holes, so small that it was difficult to discover them, and the eyes were also very small for so large a body, being about the same size as those of an ox.
Being about the same size as those of an ox.
Rushing at the ship like a battering-ram, he hit her fair on the weather bow, and stove it in, after which he dived and disappeared.
Rushing at the ship like a battering-ram.
There was a laugh at this, but Tom, turning with a look of contempt to the man who interrupted him, replied--.
Turning with a look of contempt to the man who interrupted him.
It was near sunset when, according to promise, the Yankees came on board, and spent a long evening with us.
According to promise, the Yankees came on board, and spent a long evening with us.
In London, judging by his size, he would have been put down as a polo pony.
Judging by his size.
Captain H. L. Powell, R.H.A., writing in.
Writing in.
At the end of his journey, starting with the load described.
Starting with the load described.
Charging on them.
Charging on them.
According to a writer in Baily's Magazine, immense droves of ponies run on the plains three or four hundred miles from Pekin, and the breeders bring them down every year for sale in the more populous districts.
According to a writer in Baily's Magazine.
According to Colonel Dodge, who has enjoyed many opportunities of informing himself on Indian usages, more especially as an enemy, he will gallop his pony till it drops from sheer exhaustion.
According to Colonel Dodge, who has enjoyed many opportunities of informing himself on Indian usages, more especially as an enemy.
Writing of the breed in another work,.
Writing of the breed in another work.
Assuming that the peculiar suitability of horses between 14 hands and 14 hands 3 inches for mounted infantry and light cavalry purposes is acknowledged by the authorities, and that these forces will in future form a larger proportion of our standing army, it behoves us to turn our attention to the task of breeding.
Assuming that the peculiar suitability of horses between 14 hands and 14 hands 3 inches for mounted infantry and light cavalry purposes is acknowledged by the authorities, and that these forces will in future form a larger proportion of our standing army.
Assuming that the peculiar suitability of horses between 14 hands and 14 hands 3 inches for mounted infantry and light cavalry purposes is acknowledged by the authorities, and that these forces will in future form a larger proportion of our standing army, it behoves us to turn our attention to the task of breeding.e industry have been laid.
Assuming that the peculiar suitability of horses between 14 hands and 14 hands 3 inches for mounted infantry and light cavalry purposes is acknowledged by the authorities, and that these forces will in future form a larger proportion of our standing army.
Assuming with masculine inconsistency that the half acceptance she had given him entitled him to decide her future, he actually referred to Lacy's well-known habits and bade her have nothing to do with him. CHAPTER II.
Assuming with masculine inconsistency that the half acceptance she had given him entitled him to decide her future.
Determining on a desperate course of action, she rose to her feet and sharply struck a bell by her side on the table.
Determining on a desperate course of action.
The men at the cranks of the David, working with superhuman energy, fairly hurled the torpedo boat upon the doomed ship.
Working with superhuman energy.
The men at the cranks of the David, working with superhuman energy, fairly hurled the torpedo boat upon the doomed ship.a single upward glance--his last look at anything!
Working with superhuman energy.
Nothing in life had so become Lacy as the ending of it.
Nothing in life had so become Lacy as the ending of it.
He would go to his grave silent, loading upon her the weight of an obligation, from which she should never escape.
Loading upon her the weight of an obligation, from which she should never escape.
He would go to his grave silent, loading upon her the weight of an obligation, from which she should never escape.ended love for him--Sempland!
Loading upon her the weight of an obligation, from which she should never escape.ended love for him--Sempland!
Replying in the same tongue, he then added, in good English:--.
Replying in the same tongue.
Looking at his companions he observed that the large dark eyes of the Indian girl were fixed on him with an expression of unmistakable sympathy.
Looking at his companions he observed that the large dark eyes of the Indian girl were fixed on him with an expression of unmistakable sympathy.
, thinking of Manuela.
Thinking of Manuela.
A look of fierce and deadly hate was on the robber's face, for, judging of others by himself, he thought, no doubt, that his enemy meant to hasten his destruction.
Judging of others by himself.
Meanwhile the robber lay quietly on his back, glancing from one to another of the party with looks of hatred that told clearly enough how he would have acted had he been free.
Glancing from one to another of the party with looks of hatred that told clearly enough how he would have acted had he been free.
Meanwhile the robber lay quietly on his back, glancing from one to another of the party with looks of hatred that told clearly enough how he would have acted had he been free.now my powers with the rifle at long-range.
Glancing from one to another of the party with looks of hatred that told clearly enough how he would have acted had he been free.now my powers with the rifle at long-range.
Returning with a basin of soup, he presented it to the invalid, who ate it with relish.
Returning with a basin of soup.
Returning with a basin of soup, he presented it to the invalid, who ate it with relish.s, who had cut the throats of all his party in cold blood, and had almost killed himself, when he was rescued by the opportune arrival of some travellers.
Returning with a basin of soup.
Turning to the Indian girl for sympathy, he related the matter to her at a time when the other inhabitants of the hut had gone out and left them alone.
Turning to the Indian girl for sympathy.
Vaulting from his mule with a wild shout, the negro gave chase on foot, with an amount of anxiety that seemed not justified by the occasion.
Vaulting from his mule with a wild shout, the negro gave chase on foot, with an amount of anxiety that seemed not justified by the occasion.
Soon new snow began to fall, and, mingling with the old drifts, rendered the air so thick that it was sometimes difficult to see more than a few yards in advance.
Mingling with the old drifts.
Returning to their hotel, Lawrence, to his surprise, found a note awaiting him.
Returning to their hotel.
It was from Pedro, saying that he had found his friend in a village about three miles from San Ambrosio, describing the route to the place, and asking him to send Quashy out immediately, as he wanted his assistance that night for a few hours.
Saying that he had found his friend in a village about three miles from San Ambrosio, describing the route to the place, and asking him to send Quashy out immediately, as he wanted his assistance that night for a few hours.
Finding that he could scrape away no more in that direction, he now sought to deepen the hollows already made.
Finding that he could scrape away no more in that direction.
Knowing that he had nothing to hope from such miscreants, he ceased to call out, but toiled none the less vigorously to effect his deliverance.
Knowing that he had nothing to hope from such miscreants.
Diverging from the main road in order to avoid these bands, they followed a track well-known to the guide.
Diverging from the main road in order to avoid these bands.
The latter, observing that the cheek of the former was more lumpy and prominent than usual, raised himself on one elbow to look at him, and found that the lump was the result of an expansion of the mouth from ear to ear.
Observing that the cheek of the former was more lumpy and prominent than usual.
Breakfast, consisting of excellent fish, eggs, maize, jaguar-steak, roast duck, alligator-ragout, and chocolate, was prepared outside the Indian hut.
Consisting of excellent fish.
Stalking into his hut, he returned with a bow considerably longer than himself, and an arrow, also of great length.
Stalking into his hut.
Retiring to a distance from the jaguar-skin above referred to, he bent his bow quickly, and sent an arrow straight through the middle of it, thereafter raising himself with a look of pride.
Retiring to a distance from the jaguar-skin above referred to.
Turning into the same stream which they had visited the day before, they pushed past the place where the jaguar had been killed, and entered on an exploration, as Lawrence called it.
Turning into the same stream which they had visited the day before.
Coming at last to an open space where the stream widened into something like a little pond, they observed an erection of timber on the bank which aroused their curiosity.
Coming at last to an open space where the stream widened into something like a little pond.
Coming at last to an open space where the stream widened into something like a little pond, they observed an erection of timber on the bank which aroused their curiosity.t excited signs that he wished to land there.
Coming at last to an open space where the stream widened into something like a little pond.
Seeing at last that his followers had determined to rebel, the Cub gave up trying to influence them, scooped a quantity of wild honey out of a hole in a tree, and, sitting down in a half-sulky mood, sought to console himself by eating the same.
Seeing at last that his followers had determined to rebel, the Cub gave up trying to influence them, scooped a quantity of wild honey out of a hole in a tree, and, sitting down in a half-sulky mood, sought to console himself by eating the same.
Immediately a huge bird, responding to the call, descended from the tree and settled on his wrist.
Responding to the call.
Is it possible that the human race, descending from Adam and Eve, should have reached the nineteenth century without such a case ever having been heard of before, and that I--I should be the first wretched example--or--or victim!
Descending from Adam and Eve, should have reached the nineteenth century without such a case ever having been heard of before, and that I--I should be the first wretched example--or--or victim!
Peeping through the bushes, Lawrence saw that it was Manuela!
Peeping through the bushes.
Riding alongside of Manuela, who was in advance.
Riding alongside of Manuela, who was in advance.
Owing to the situation of the little town near the base of the mountains, there were men there of many nations and tongues on their way to various mines, or on business of some sort in or on the other side of the mountains--Germans, French, Italians, English, Spanish, and Portuguese.
Owing to the situation of the little town near the base of the mountains, there were men there of many nations and tongues on their way to various mines, or on business of some sort in or on the other side of the mountains--Germans.
Owing to the situation of the little town near the base of the mountains, there were men there of many nations and tongues on their way to various mines, or on business of some sort in or on the other side of the mountains--Germans, French, Italians, English, Spanish, and Portuguese.nk.
Owing to the situation of the little town near the base of the mountains, there were men there of many nations and tongues on their way to various mines, or on business of some sort in or on the other side of the mountains--Germans.
Well, finding that we were going to the house where she dwelt, Mariquita walked with us, and told us that she had lived with our English friends, Mr and Mrs Daulton, since she was a little child.
Finding that we were going to the house where she dwelt.
Being as it were a freelance, Lawrence, he knew, would naturally ride in the force very much where he pleased.
Being as it were a freelance.
Talking of that, how fortunate that Pedro's little daughter was found out.
Talking of that, how fortunate that Pedro's little daughter was found out.
Lawrence went to his chamber, wondering at such a display of wrath in one so genial.
Wondering at such a display of wrath in one so genial.
The picturesque hunter, bending over his steed's neck, with his scarlet poncho streaming behind him, and the bolas whirling round his head, was so eager in the pursuit that he either did not observe, or did not mind, the thin smoke of the camp-fire.
Bending over his steed's neck, with his scarlet poncho streaming behind him, and the bolas whirling round his head.
The picturesque hunter, bending over his steed's neck, with his scarlet poncho streaming behind him, and the bolas whirling round his head, was so eager in the pursuit that he either did not observe, or did not mind, the thin smoke of the camp-fire.
Bending over his steed's neck, with his scarlet poncho streaming behind him, and the bolas whirling round his head.
Awaking in such a condition of mind and body leads one, contradictory though it may seem, to spend the first few minutes of reviving consciousness in restful contemplation and enjoyment of one's surroundings.
Awaking in such a condition of mind and body leads one.
Bounding into the patch of bushes, on the edge of which they had passed the night, Lawrence ran through it hastily, followed by his man, who had shaken off lethargy in a moment.
Bounding into the patch of bushes, on the edge of which they had passed the night.
Answering in his best Spanish, Lawrence explained how he fell into the hands of the savages.
Answering in his best Spanish.
The travellers rode up to the door of the mud mansion, and, according to Pampas etiquette, awaited permission to dismount.
According to Pampas etiquette.
Finding that the Gauchos were engaged at that time in breaking in some young horses, he ordered his party to off-saddle, and went with Pedro, Lawrence, and some others towards the corral while food was being prepared.
Finding that the Gauchos were engaged at that time in breaking in some young horses.
Finding that the Gauchos were engaged at that time in breaking in some young horses, he ordered his party to off-saddle, and went with Pedro, Lawrence, and some others towards the corral while food was being prepared.
Finding that the Gauchos were engaged at that time in breaking in some young horses.
Holding on was the point on which Pizarro had to concentrate all his attention and power during the next few minutes, for the way in which that outraged and intensely fierce creature strove to unseat him is alike beyond the power of description and conception.
Holding on was the point on which Pizarro had to concentrate all his attention and power during the next few minutes, for the way in which that outraged and intensely fierce creature strove to unseat him is alike beyond the power of description and conception.
Holding on was the point on which Pizarro had to concentrate all his attention and power during the next few minutes, for the way in which that outraged and intensely fierce creature strove to unseat him is alike beyond the power of description and conception.ords with which to describe the proceedings of that creature of the Pampas while under the influence of temporary insanity.
Holding on was the point on which Pizarro had to concentrate all his attention and power during the next few minutes, for the way in which that outraged and intensely fierce creature strove to unseat him is alike beyond the power of description and conception.ords with which to describe the proceedings of that creature of the Pampas while under the influence of temporary insanity.
Rising at this point, Lawrence and Pedro left those jovial British tars to their elevating occupations.
Rising at this point.
A Tale Of The Rising in La Vendee by G. A. Henty. Contents Preface.
Rising in La Vendee by G. A. Henty. Contents Preface.
The Beginning Of Troubles.
Beginning Of Troubles.
Looking towards the right was a great sheet of shallow water, for the most part dry at low tide, known as Poole and Wareham Harbours, with its numerous creeks and bays.
Looking towards the right was a great sheet of shallow water, for the most part dry at low tide, known as Poole and Wareham Harbours, with its numerous creeks and bays.
Chapter 2: The Beginning Of Troubles.
Beginning Of Troubles.
From time to time a message came to Jean, from his father, saying that he had carried out his determination to lessen his stocks, and that he had sent considerable sums of money across the Channel.
Saying that he had carried out his determination to lessen his stocks, and that he had sent considerable sums of money across the Channel.
From time to time a message came to Jean, from his father, saying that he had carried out his determination to lessen his stocks, and that he had sent considerable sums of money across the Channel.easing, and the passion for blood ever growing.
Saying that he had carried out his determination to lessen his stocks, and that he had sent considerable sums of money across the Channel.easing, and the passion for blood ever growing.
Passing through the little town of.
Passing through the little town of.
A man like that, travelling round the country, no doubt has a deal of influence.
Travelling round the country, no doubt has a deal of influence.
Moving along, Leigh spread the musketeers to a similar length of front.
Moving along.
Moving along, Leigh spread the musketeers to a similar length of front.fire broke out from the defenders.
Moving along.
Then the assailants, having with great loss succeeded in passing over or pulling aside the brushwood, began to pour through.
Having with great loss succeeded in passing over or pulling aside the brushwood.
Turning at once, his party joined them, and fell upon the advancing enemy.
Turning at once.
Turning at once, his party joined them, and fell upon the advancing enemy.en they believed that victory was won, the two or three hundred men who had passed the abattis were swept before the crowd of peasants like chaff.
Turning at once.
Cathelineau was still up, talking with some of his officers as to the preparations for the battle.
Talking with some of his officers as to the preparations for the battle.
Hearing that Rochejaquelein was at his aunt's house, they came to him, and begged him to take the command, promising him that in twenty-four hours ten thousand men should be ready to follow him.
Hearing that Rochejaquelein was at his aunt's house.
Burning with ardour to avenge their defeat, and rendered furious by the pillage of all the houses of the patriots at Chataigneraie--to which town Chalbos with seven thousand troops had marched--it was against him that the Vendeans first moved.
Burning with ardour to avenge their defeat, and rendered furious by the pillage of all the houses of the patriots at Chataigneraie--to which town Chalbos with seven thousand troops had marched--it was against him that the Vendeans first moved.
Leaning against the wall, he took from his pocket a hunk of the peasants' black bread and, cutting it up with his knife, proceeded to munch it unconcernedly.
Leaning against the wall.
Leaning against the wall, he took from his pocket a hunk of the peasants' black bread and, cutting it up with his knife, proceeded to munch it unconcernedly.
Leaning against the wall.
Owing to the darkness in the forest, neither side was able to distinguish its foes.
Owing to the darkness in the forest, neither side was able to distinguish its foes.
, of a messenger from Pierre, saying that one of his messengers had come in from Tours, and that, up to seven o'clock in the evening, no troops had left that city.
Saying that one of his messengers had come in from Tours, and that, up to seven o'clock in the evening, no troops had left that city.
Coustard, seeing that the centre was lost, and that the Vendeans were moving towards a bridge across the Dives, by which alone they could enter the town, ordered two battalions with two pieces of cannon to hold it.
Seeing that the centre was lost, and that the Vendeans were moving towards a bridge across the Dives, by which alone they could enter the town.
Then, thinking that if they saw its clothes they would search for it, she opened the drawers, seized them all, and ran down and put them and the child into the kitchen cupboard, as her mistress had told her, then ran back to her bedroom and began to dress.
Thinking that if they saw its clothes they would search for it.
Then, thinking that if they saw its clothes they would search for it, she opened the drawers, seized them all, and ran down and put them and the child into the kitchen cupboard, as her mistress had told her, then ran back to her bedroom and began to dress.the door.
Thinking that if they saw its clothes they would search for it.
Twenty fires, starting at once at different spots, will create a fearful scare.
Starting at once at different spots, will create a fearful scare.
Finding that, with the exception of the cannonade on both sides across the river, all remained quiet, Leigh passed the word round among his followers to remain as they were, until further orders.
Finding that, with the exception of the cannonade on both sides across the river, all remained quiet.
After the capture of Saumur, too, a good many Swiss and Germans, belonging to a cavalry regiment formed of foreigners, had deserted and joined the Vendeans.
Belonging to a cavalry regiment formed of foreigners.
Fighting in the dark, discipline availed but little.
Fighting in the dark.
Keeping on heights which commanded the road, the Vendeans maintained an incessant fire of cannon and musketry.
Keeping on heights which commanded the road, the Vendeans maintained an incessant fire of cannon and musketry.
, seeing that Patsey was completely worn out, at once took her off to her room.
Seeing that Patsey was completely worn out, at once took her off to her room.
If I were to give you a letter to them, saying that you have business in Paris, and have asked me to recommend someone who would provide you with quiet lodgings, no doubt they would willingly take you in.
Saying that you have business in Paris, and have asked me to recommend someone who would provide you with quiet lodgings, no doubt they would willingly take you in.
I began to think that I never should do so, and I only wish that Monsieur Jean was here, too.ing out of a scrape.
Too.ing out of a scrape.
Seeing that there was a woman in the boat, the brig lowered its accommodation ladder, and the captain was standing at the gangway.
Seeing that there was a woman in the boat, the brig lowered its accommodation ladder, and the captain was standing at the gangway.
Seeing that there was a woman in the boat, the brig lowered its accommodation ladder, and the captain was standing at the gangway.
Seeing that there was a woman in the boat, the brig lowered its accommodation ladder, and the captain was standing at the gangway.
More warriors, treading on the logs, showed that his caution was not misplaced.
Treading on the logs.
Henry, looking between the logs, saw them pass near the place of concealment, but they did not stop, and were soon near the other bank.
Looking between the logs.
Henry, looking between the logs, saw them pass near the place of concealment, but they did not stop, and were soon near the other bank.
Looking between the logs.
His imagination, flowering at once into splendor, depicted it as some kind of an impregnable fortress.
Flowering at once into splendor.
The fox, creeping to the edge of the clearing, saw with his needlelike eyes a red gleam through the chinks of the cabin.
Creeping to the edge of the clearing.
Paul, peeping from the loophole, saw the sun, red like fire, seeking its bed in the west, but the shadows were not yet over the clearing.
Peeping from the loophole.
Paul, looking through the loophole on his own side of the cabin, could see nothing for a little space, but presently arose a patter of feet, and many forms darted through the dusk toward the cabin.
Looking through the loophole on his own side of the cabin, could see nothing for a little space, but presently arose a patter of feet, and many forms darted through the dusk toward the cabin.
Paul, forgetting for the moment that those bullets were sent to kill, became engrossed in the spectacle of the fireworks.
Forgetting for the moment that those bullets were sent to kill.
It was certainly more numerous, and there, too, sitting near him, was a white youth of nearly his own age.
Sitting near him.
Suppose there should be some trick in the signal!d not their comrades, waiting for them!
Waiting for them!
Wareville, owing to her victory of last year, thinks she's safe, and it is not the custom of Indians to raid much in winter.
Owing to her victory of last year.
You and Jim must remain here in the woods, waiting for us again, and we'll trust to your skill and caution not to be caught.
Waiting for us again, and we'll trust to your skill and caution not to be caught.
Something in his manner made all take it for granted, and Big Fox, too, unconsciously accepted it as a matter of course.
Something in his manner made all take it for granted, and Big Fox, too, unconsciously accepted it as a matter of course.
Panther, looking at Braxton Wyatt.
Looking at Braxton Wyatt.
His sharp eyes, peering into the shadows, saw the three belt bearers lying upon their backs and sleeping soundly.
Peering into the shadows.
Henry Ware, peering above the bushes, saw a face that belonged to a white youth, and suddenly a daring project formed itself in his mind.
Peering above the bushes.
Braxton Wyatt came back, looking on the ground, his rifle lying loosely across his shoulder.
Looking on the ground.
A bear, prowling in the snow, had fallen through the roof of their house, and it was furiously angry.
Prowling in the snow.
Then a warm rain came, pouring for a day and a night, and the ice and snow were swept away entirely.
Pouring for a day and a night, and the ice and snow were swept away entirely.
THE LAST STAND Henry Ware and the others, listening at the circle of the wagons, heard the flare of shots, and then, a little later, a lone but long and defiant cry, that seemed to be an answer to the others.
Listening at the circle of the wagons.
Nothing of importance occurred in the afternoon.
Nothing of importance occurred in the afternoon.
Knowing that he had.
Knowing that he had.
So they rode on, conversing on various topics, but their conversation was not of sufficient importance for me to report.
Conversing on various topics, but their conversation was not of sufficient importance for me to report.
CHAPTER XXI A MODEL WIFE Colonel Preston, returning from a trip to Boston, in which, probably, he had been unconsciously exposed to the terrible disease referred to, was taken sick, and his wife, wholly unsuspicious of her husband's malady, sent for the doctor.
Returning from a trip to Boston, in which.
Nothing but that would have taken me away from you at such a time.
Nothing but that would have taken me away from you at such a time.
Nothing but that would have taken me away from you at such a time.
Nothing but that would have taken me away from you at such a time.
Jumping into the horse-cars, he returned to Boston, and entered the Adams House about half-past twelve o'clock.
Jumping into the horse-cars.
At all events, whether it was the entrance of Fairfax, acting in some mysterious way upon Andy, or the light that streamed into the room, his slumber was disturbed, and his eyes opened just as the adventurer was retiring, with his supposed booty.
Acting in some mysterious way upon Andy, or the light that streamed into the room.
The Calling of a Constitutional Convention 143.
Calling of a Constitutional Convention 143.
The Framing of the Constitution.
Framing of the Constitution.
In the place of honor in the center of the group, standing between the oxen on the tongue of the prairie schooner, is a figure, beautiful and almost girlish, but strong, dignified, and womanly, the Mother of To-morrow.
Standing between the oxen on the tongue of the prairie schooner.
Rivaling in numbers, in the course of time, the indentured servants and whites carried to America against their will were the African negroes brought to America and sold into slavery.
Rivaling in numbers, in the course of time, the indentured servants and whites carried to America against their will were the African negroes brought to America and sold into slavery.
Serving as the port of entry for Pennsylvania, Delaware, and western Jersey, it had drawn within its borders, just before the Revolution, about 25,000 inhabitants.
Serving as the port of entry for Pennsylvania.
The Puritans, essaying at first the task of reformers within the Church, soon after their arrival in Massachusetts, likewise flung off their yoke of union with the Anglicans.
Essaying at first the task of reformers within the Church.
The Puritans, essaying at first the task of reformers within the Church, soon after their arrival in Massachusetts, likewise flung off their yoke of union with the Anglicans.n each town a separate congregation was organized, the male members choosing the pastor, the teachers, and the other officers.
Essaying at first the task of reformers within the Church.
The other, leading toward democracy and self-government, was the growth in the power of the popular legislative assembly.
Leading toward democracy and self-government.
A superior judicial power, towering above that of the colonies, as the Supreme Court at Washington now towers above the states, kept the colonial legislatures within the metes and bounds of established law.
Towering above that of the colonies, as the Supreme Court at Washington now towers above the states.
According to this theory, the colonies of the British empire should be confined to agriculture and the production of raw materials, and forced to buy their manufactured goods of England.
According to this theory, the colonies of the British empire should be confined to agriculture and the production of raw materials, and forced to buy their manufactured goods of England.
Acting on the protests of English planters in the Barbadoes and Jamaica, Parliament, in 1733, passed the famous Molasses Act imposing duties on sugar and molasses imported into the colonies from foreign countries--rates which would have destroyed the American trade with the French and Dutch if the law had been enforced.
Acting on the protests of English planters in the Barbadoes and Jamaica.
Connecticut and Rhode Island, holding that their ancient charters were equal to their needs, merely renounced their allegiance to the king and went on as before so far as the form of government was concerned.
Holding that their ancient charters were equal to their needs.
The final phase of the war, opening with the treaty of alliance with France on February 6, 1778, was confined mainly to the Middle states, the West, and the South.
Opening with the treaty of alliance with France on February 6, 1778.
The final phase of the war, opening with the treaty of alliance with France on February 6, 1778, was confined mainly to the Middle states, the West, and the South.orristown, New Jersey, up to West Point.
Opening with the treaty of alliance with France on February 6, 1778.
Acting on this curious but appealing political economy, Congress issued in June, 1776, two million dollars in bills of credit to be redeemed by the states on the basis of their respective populations.
Acting on this curious but appealing political economy.
Yielding to the importunities of friends, he accepted the post in the spirit of public service.
Yielding to the importunities of friends.
The Framing of the Constitution of the United States. P.L. Ford,.
Framing of the Constitution of the United States. P.L. Ford.
Hearing of the extremity to which the contest had been carried and acting on the appeal from the Secretary of the Treasury, Jefferson intervened at this point.
Hearing of the extremity to which the contest had been carried and acting on the appeal from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Trusting as he did in the innate goodness of human nature when nourished on a free soil, Jefferson advocated those measures calculated to favor agriculture and to enlarge the rights of persons rather than the powers of government.
Trusting as he did in the innate goodness of human nature when nourished on a free soil.
The planters of the Carolinas, the manufacturers of Pennsylvania, the importers of New York, the shipbuilders of New England, looking to the seaboard and to Europe for trade, refinements, and sometimes their ideas of government, were slow to appreciate the place of the West in national economy.
Looking to the seaboard and to Europe for trade.
Acting on this belief, but apparently seeing only the Mississippi outlet at stake, Jefferson sent his friend, James Monroe, to France with the power to buy New Orleans and West Florida.
Acting on this belief, but apparently seeing only the Mississippi outlet at stake.
Acting on this belief, but apparently seeing only the Mississippi outlet at stake, Jefferson sent his friend, James Monroe, to France with the power to buy New Orleans and West Florida.ed from him at any moment by the British sea power, especially as the war, temporarily stopped by the peace of Amiens, was once more raging in Europe.
Acting on this belief, but apparently seeing only the Mississippi outlet at stake.
This law, failing in its purpose, Jefferson proposed and Congress adopted in December, 1807, the Embargo Act forbidding all vessels to leave American harbors for foreign ports.
Failing in its purpose.
Burning with resentment, the captain of the President, an American warship, acting under orders, poured several broadsides into the Little Belt, a British sloop, suspected of being the guilty party.
Burning with resentment, the captain of the President, an American warship, acting under orders, poured several broadsides into the Little Belt, a British sloop, suspected of being the guilty party.
When the pressure from Congress upon him became too heavy, he gave way, signing on June 18, 1812, the declaration of war on Great Britain.
Signing on June 18, 1812, the declaration of war on Great Britain.
To the victor in that political contest, James Monroe of Virginia, fell two tasks of national importance, adding to the prestige of the whole country and deepening the sense of patriotism that weaned men away from mere allegiance to states.
Adding to the prestige of the whole country and deepening the sense of patriotism that weaned men away from mere allegiance to states.
Monroe's Statement of the Doctrine.--Acting on the advice of trusted friends.
Doctrine.--Acting on the advice of trusted friends.
Acting on this advice he approved, on March 6, 1820, the bill establishing freedom north of the compromise line.
Acting on this advice he approved, on March 6, 1820, the bill establishing freedom north of the compromise line.
The Genesee road, beginning at Albany, ran almost due west to the present site of Buffalo on Lake Erie, through a level country.
Beginning at Albany.
Analysis of text in Macdonald, Documentary Source Book. Roosevelt, Winning of the West, Vol.
Winning of the West.
Guide to the Study and Reading of American History (rev.
Reading of American History (rev.
Democracy, thundering at their doors, demanded that they surrender the privilege to the people.
Thundering at their doors.
The omnipresent Yankee, in the person of Moses Austin of Connecticut, hearing of this good news in the Southwest, obtained a grant in 1820 to settle three hundred Americans near Bexar--a commission finally carried out to the letter by his son and celebrated in the name given to the present capital of the state of Texas.
Hearing of this good news in the Southwest.
Henry Clay, the Whig candidate for President, taking into account changing public sentiment, blew hot and cold, losing the state of New York and the election of 1844 by giving a qualified approval of annexation.
Taking into account changing public sentiment.
In February, 1848, the Mexicans came to terms, ceding to the victor California, Arizona, New Mexico, and more--a domain greater in extent than the combined areas of France and Germany.
Ceding to the victor California.
Returning to Illinois, he gathered up his followers, now numbering several thousand, and in one mighty wagon caravan they all went to their distant haven.
Returning to Illinois.
Encountering for the first time in the history of the Anglo-Saxon race the problem of aridity, the Mormons surmounted the most perplexing obstacles with astounding skill.
Encountering for the first time in the history of the Anglo-Saxon race the problem of aridity, the Mormons surmounted the most perplexing obstacles with astounding skill.
The story of invention, that tribute to the triumph of mind over matter, fascinating as a romance, need not be treated in detail here.
Fascinating as a romance.
A revolution of such magnitude in industry, transport, and finance, overturning as it did the agrarian civilization of the old Northwest and reaching out to the very borders of the country, could not fail to bring in its train consequences of a striking character.
Overturning as it did the agrarian civilization of the old Northwest and reaching out to the very borders of the country, could not fail to bring in its train consequences of a striking character.
The Coming of the Irish.--The opposition of the Irish people to the English government, ever furious and irrepressible, was increased in the mid forties by an almost total failure of the potato crop, the main support of the peasants.
Coming of the Irish.--The opposition of the Irish people to the English government.
Proceeding from these premises, Southern leaders drew the logical conclusion that the entire program of economic measures demanded in the North was without exception adverse to Southern interests and, by a similar chain of reasoning, injurious to the corn and wheat producers of the West.
Proceeding from these premises.
Proceeding from these premises, Southern leaders drew the logical conclusion that the entire program of economic measures demanded in the North was without exception adverse to Southern interests and, by a similar chain of reasoning, injurious to the corn and wheat producers of the West.safeguard against paper inflation--all these devices were regarded in the South as contrary to the planting interest.
Proceeding from these premises.
When Congress, acting on the recommendations of President Jefferson, provided for the abolition of the foreign slave trade on January 1, 1808, several Northern members joined with Southern members in condemning the system as well as the trade.
Acting on the recommendations of President Jefferson.
Lowell, looking upon the espousal of a great cause as the noblest aim of his art, ridiculed and excoriated bondage in the South.
Looking upon the espousal of a great cause as the noblest aim of his art.
Yancey, speaking for Alabama, refused to palter with any plan not built on the proposition that slavery was in itself right.
Speaking for Alabama.
Acting on the call of Mississippi, a congress of delegates from the seceded states met at Montgomery, Alabama, and on February 8, 1861, adopted a temporary plan of union.
Acting on the call of Mississippi, a congress of delegates from the seceded states met at Montgomery.
In the autumn of that year the President, acting under the terms of this law, declared this ancient and honorable instrument for the protection of civil liberties, the habeas corpus, suspended throughout the length and breadth of the land.
Acting under the terms of this law.
The Appalachian ranges, stretching through the Confederacy to Northern Alabama, divided the campaigns into Eastern and Western enterprises.
Stretching through the Confederacy to Northern Alabama.
The Civil War, lasting for four years, tested the strength of both North and South, in leadership, in finance, in diplomatic skill, in material resources, in industry, and in armed forces.
Lasting for four years.
The Southerners, smarting under the reconstruction acts, could regard the Republicans only as political oppressors.
Smarting under the reconstruction acts, could regard the Republicans only as political oppressors.
His was the long vision, seeing in conservation and permanent improvements the foundation of prosperity for the railways and the people.
Seeing in conservation and permanent improvements the foundation of prosperity for the railways and the people.
Lying to the north of Kansas, which had been admitted in 1861, it escaped the invasion of slave owners from Missouri and was settled mainly by farmers from the North.
Lying to the north of Kansas, which had been admitted in 1861.
Remembering that Nebraska had been admitted with only 67,000 inhabitants, the Dakotans could not see why they should be kept under federal tutelage.
Remembering that Nebraska had been admitted with only 67,000 inhabitants, the Dakotans could not see why they should be kept under federal tutelage.
An era of lucrative trade was opened.xer rebellion in Peking in 1900, were but signs and symbols of American power on the Pacific.
Peking in 1900.
Yet, appealing as it did to the most active and independent spirits among the farmers and gathering to itself the strength that always comes from organization, it soon found itself in the hands of leaders more or less involved in politics.
Appealing as it did to the most active and independent spirits among the farmers and gathering to itself the strength that always comes from organization.
Departing from long party custom, it voted down in anger a proposal to praise the administration of the Democratic President, Cleveland.
Departing from long party custom.
This agreement, providing among other things for our use of the harbor of Pago Pago as a naval base, was six years later changed into a formal treaty ratified by the Senate.
Providing among other things for our use of the harbor of Pago Pago as a naval base.
This agreement, providing among other things for our use of the harbor of Pago Pago as a naval base, was six years later changed into a formal treaty ratified by the Senate.
Providing among other things for our use of the harbor of Pago Pago as a naval base.
The German emperor, seizing as a pretext a quarrel between his consul in the islands and a native king, laid claim to an interest in the Samoan group.
Seizing as a pretext a quarrel between his consul in the islands and a native king.
Maine, riding in the harbor of Havana, was blown up and sunk, carrying to death two officers and two hundred and fifty-eight members of the crew.
Riding in the harbor of Havana.
France and Germany, foreseeing from long experience in world politics an increase of American power and prestige through war, sought to prevent it.
Foreseeing from long experience in world politics an increase of American power and prestige through war.
As early as July 26, 1898, acting through the French ambassador, M. Cambon, the Madrid government approached President McKinley for a statement of the terms on which hostilities could be brought to a close.
Acting through the French ambassador.
Nothing but the arrival of armed forces, made up of Japanese, Russian, British, American, French, and German soldiers and marines, prevented the destruction of the beleaguered aliens.
Nothing but the arrival of armed forces, made up of Japanese.
When once the foreign troops were in possession of the Chinese capital, diplomatic questions of the most delicate character arose.ng up the Chinese empire, taking to themselves territory, railway concessions, mining rights, ports, and commercial privileges at the expense of the huge but helpless victim.
Taking to themselves territory.
Swindling in stocks, corrupting legislatures, making fortunes by the inflation of securities, by wrecking railroads, by destroying competitors through rebates--these forms of wrong-doing in the capitalist are far more infamous than any ordinary form of embezzlement or forgery.
Swindling in stocks, corrupting legislatures, making fortunes by the inflation of securities, by wrecking railroads, by destroying competitors through rebates--these forms of wrong-doing in the capitalist are far more infamous than any ordinary form of embezzlement or forgery.
Failing in the Senate, advocates of popular election made a rear assault through the states.
Failing in the Senate.
In the same year the National Education Association, speaking for the public school teachers of the land, added its seal of approval.
Speaking for the public school teachers of the land.
Their candidate, Senator Warren G. Harding of Ohio, maintained a similar position without saying definitely whether the League devised at Paris could be recast in such a manner as to meet his requirements.
Harding of Ohio.
The nineteenth, following upon the adoption of woman suffrage in many states, enfranchised the women of the nation.
Following upon the adoption of woman suffrage in many states.
Negotiations with Frederick, king of Prussia (128).
King of Prussia (128).
Here there was a short delay of half-an-hour, owing to other telegrams which had prior claim to attention.
Owing to other telegrams which had prior claim to attention.
Here there was a short delay of half-an-hour, owing to other telegrams which had prior claim to attention.herself at her own three-keyed instrument.
Owing to other telegrams which had prior claim to attention.herself at her own three-keyed instrument.
Then, as to wages, seven shillings a week, rising to eight shillings after one year's service.
Rising to eight shillings after one year's service.
Hurrying over the fields, and bending low to the furious blast, Aspel and Philip made their way to the neighbouring cliffs.
Hurrying over the fields, and bending low to the furious blast.
Major Beak, soaking from head to foot with salt water, almost blind with fatigue and want of sleep, and with the perspiration dropping from the point of his enormous nose, plucked up heart to raise himself and assert that that was true.
Soaking from head to foot with salt water.
Going with the rush of the waves through the channel he struck diagonally across, and landed on the reef.
Going with the rush of the waves through the channel he struck diagonally across, and landed on the reef.
Going with the rush of the waves through the channel he struck diagonally across, and landed on the reef.ow swept over it, but not with sufficient force to prevent his struggling towards the rocket-line, which he eventually reached and cleared.
Going with the rush of the waves through the channel he struck diagonally across, and landed on the reef.ow swept over it, but not with sufficient force to prevent his struggling towards the rocket-line, which he eventually reached and cleared.
Leaping into the sea with a rope round his waist, Mr Bright caught Aspel as he struggled past.
Leaping into the sea with a rope round his waist.
After them went Mrs Pods, who, profiting by the experience of her friend, made no resistance.
Profiting by the experience of her friend.
Turning from this point George Aspel observed that the box for letters-- closing, as we have said, half an hour later than that for books and papers--was beginning to show symptoms of activity.
Turning from this point George Aspel observed that the box for letters-- closing, as we have said, half an hour later than that for books and papers--was beginning to show symptoms of activity.
Turning from this point George Aspel observed that the box for letters-- closing, as we have said, half an hour later than that for books and papers--was beginning to show symptoms of activity.a harlequin could have leaped easily.
Turning from this point George Aspel observed that the box for letters-- closing, as we have said, half an hour later than that for books and papers--was beginning to show symptoms of activity.a harlequin could have leaped easily.
Finding that he was unhurt, and that the household had not been disturbed.
Finding that he was unhurt, and that the household had not been disturbed.
Finding that he was unhurt, and that the household had not been disturbedlt his erection and began his watch over again.
Finding that he was unhurt, and that the household had not been disturbedlt his erection and began his watch over again.
The old 'ooman, awaking at this point with a start, hurled the cat under the grate, and May laughingly led Miss Lillycrop into her little boudoir.
Awaking at this point with a start.
Meanwhile Abel went into a public-house, and, calling for a pint of beer, bade his child drink, but Tottie declined.
Calling for a pint of beer.
Turning into Chancery Lane, and crossing over to Holborn, Abel Bones continued his way to Newgate, where, appropriately enough, he stopped and gazed grimly up at the massive walls.
Turning into Chancery Lane, and crossing over to Holborn.
Here, doubling like a hare, she careered round the statue of Peel and went blindly back to St. Martin's-le-Grand, as if to add yet another link to the chain of fate which bound her arch-pursuer to the General Post-Office.
Doubling like a hare.
Judging from analogy, we have the best ground for supposing that while Adam was digging in the fields Eve was at home preparing the dinner, and otherwise attending to the domestic arrangements of the house, or hut, or hovel, or cave.
Judging from analogy.
The King of the Romans with a free pass.'.
King of the Romans with a free pass.'.
Owing to the heavy rates the net proceeds of the Department had remained stationary for nearly twenty years.
Owing to the heavy rates the net proceeds of the Department had remained stationary for nearly twenty years.
Peering through the hedge, which was high and thick, the boy could see the red glow of Mr Bones's pipe.
Peering through the hedge, which was high and thick, the boy could see the red glow of Mr Bones's pipe.
Darting into the room, he tumbled over chairs, tables, work-boxes, fire-irons, and coal-scuttle.
Darting into the room.
Feeling that it would be ridiculous to inquire about mad dogs in the presence of two millions sterling, the man in grey suffered himself to be led through long passages and vaulted chambers, some of which latter were kitchens, where the men on duty had splendid fires, oceans of hot water, benches and tables, and liberty to cook the food either brought by themselves for the day or procured from a caterer on the premises-- for Post-Office officials when on duty may not leave the premises for any purpose whatever, except duty, and must sign books specifying to the minute when, where, and why, they come and go.
Feeling that it would be ridiculous to inquire about mad dogs in the presence of two millions sterling, the man in grey suffered himself to be led through long passages and vaulted chambers, some of which latter were kitchens, where the men on duty had splendid fires.
Feeling that it would be ridiculous to inquire about mad dogs in the presence of two millions sterling, the man in grey suffered himself to be led through long passages and vaulted chambers, some of which latter were kitchens, where the men on duty had splendid fires, oceans of hot water, benches and tables, and liberty to cook the food either brought by themselves for the day or procured from a caterer on the premises-- for Post-Office officials when on duty may not leave the premises for any purpose whatever, except duty, and must sign books specifying to the minute when, where, and why, they come and go.ne of which was appropriated to each man for the safe depositing of his victuals and other private property.
Feeling that it would be ridiculous to inquire about mad dogs in the presence of two millions sterling, the man in grey suffered himself to be led through long passages and vaulted chambers, some of which latter were kitchens, where the men on duty had splendid fires.
Of course he didn't know me on account of my bein' as black in the face as the King of Dahomey.--.
King of Dahomey.--.
The Chief of the Post-Office himself at last came to hear of him, and, finding that he was more than capable of passing the requisite examinations, he raised him from the ranks and made him a clerk in the Savings-Bank Department.
Finding that he was more than capable of passing the requisite examinations.
Observing that the unfortunate cause of the whole affair was lulling helplessly past.
Observing that the unfortunate cause of the whole affair was lulling helplessly past.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.hor, not listed in the text is William Holmes McGuffey.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.hor, not listed in the text is William Holmes McGuffey.
Evening at Home 2.
Evening at Home 2.
Coasting down the Hill (Script) 48.
Coasting down the Hill (Script) 48.
See the happy children Coasting down the hill.
Coasting down the hill.
Coating down the hillside, Trudging through the snow.
Coating down the hillside.
Teach these little feet the road Leading on to heaven and God.
Leading on to heaven and God.
Teach these little feet the road Leading on to heaven and God.urn then.
Leading on to heaven and God.urn then.
Nothing but some overpowering necessity could have stimulated them to such prolonged and severe exertion.
Nothing but some overpowering necessity could have stimulated them to such prolonged and severe exertion.
Nothing but some overpowering necessity could have stimulated them to such prolonged and severe exertion.heir exceptional powers, but each was animated by a stronger motive than self.
Nothing but some overpowering necessity could have stimulated them to such prolonged and severe exertion.heir exceptional powers, but each was animated by a stronger motive than self.
Apologising for this reminiscence, we return to the thread of our story.
Apologising for this reminiscence.
On came the black specks, increasing in size as they drew near.
Increasing in size as they drew near.
Loading as they ran, they fitted and shot again, stretching six more of the enemy on the plain.
Loading as they ran.
Retreating to the north end of Lake Winnipeg, the colonists found refuge at Jack River--three hundred miles distant.
Retreating to the north end of Lake Winnipeg, the colonists found refuge at Jack River--three hundred miles distant.
Returning to Red River, the unfortunate but persevering people proceeded to resume their farming operations.
Returning to Red River, the unfortunate but persevering people proceeded to resume their farming operations.
One band of these men, numbering between sixty and seventy, advanced upon Red River Colony.
Numbering between sixty and seventy.
Then, coming upon us in armed bands and superior numbers, they drove us out of the Settlement altogether at last, and we came here to Jack River to spend the winter as we best could.
Coming upon us in armed bands and superior numbers.
The light of these fires, shining through the green, yellow, and golden foliage, and illuminating the sunburnt faces of men, women, and children, gave to the scene a strain of the free, the wild, and the romantic, which harmonised well with the gypsy-like appearance of the people, and formed a ruddy contrast to the pure cold light of the innumerable stars overhead, which, with their blue-black setting, were reflected in the neighbouring lake.
Shining through the green.
The light of these fires, shining through the green, yellow, and golden foliage, and illuminating the sunburnt faces of men, women, and children, gave to the scene a strain of the free, the wild, and the romantic, which harmonised well with the gypsy-like appearance of the people, and formed a ruddy contrast to the pure cold light of the innumerable stars overhead, which, with their blue-black setting, were reflected in the neighbouring lake.e half-burned logs, while impaled wild-fowl roasted in front of it.
Shining through the green.
Here, finding that a new party of immigrants had arrived, who were necessarily unacquainted with his little peculiarities, La Certe attached himself to them and made himself agreeable.
Finding that a new party of immigrants had arrived, who were necessarily unacquainted with his little peculiarities.
Smoking in calm placidity, the amiable pair discussed the subject.
Smoking in calm placidity, the amiable pair discussed the subject.
Returning to camp, Dan Davidson made the proposal to Fergus McKay.
Returning to camp.
Standing in a dignified attitude worthy of an ancient Roman, with his blanket thrown toga-fashion over one shoulder, one of the braves looked round on the warrior band with a dark scowl before he began.
Standing in a dignified attitude worthy of an ancient Roman, with his blanket thrown toga-fashion over one shoulder, one of the braves looked round on the warrior band with a dark scowl before he began.
He's a greedy idler, something like La Certe, but by no means so harmless or good-natured.
Something like La Certe, but by no means so harmless or good-natured.
Judging from analogy it does not seem presumptuous to suppose and hope that it will be so.
Judging from analogy it does not seem presumptuous to suppose and hope that it will be so.
Archie was naturally the first to make this discovery, being in the bow of the canoe.
Being in the bow of the canoe.
Pausing for a moment, one of them produced a cord, with which they proceeded to bind their cowardly and unresisting prisoner.
Pausing for a moment, one of them produced a cord, with which they proceeded to bind their cowardly and unresisting prisoner.
O' their enemies, the Saulteaux, knocking about.
Knocking about.
According to this arrangement the two canoes pushed off at daybreak the following morning, from the wharf at the foot of the garden of Prairie Cottage, and began the descent of the Red River, which, after flowing between twenty and thirty miles northward, enters the mighty bosom of Lake Winnipeg.
According to this arrangement the two canoes pushed off at daybreak the following morning, from the wharf at the foot of the garden of Prairie Cottage, and began the descent of the Red River, which, after flowing between twenty and thirty miles northward, enters the mighty bosom of Lake Winnipeg.
Owing to the success of the buffalo runners, the winter passed away in comparative comfort.
Owing to the success of the buffalo runners, the winter passed away in comparative comfort.
Stooping down he turned the fallen man over on his back with some difficulty, and then discovered, to his consternation, that it was young Duncan McKay, and that blood was flowing from a wound in his side.
Stooping down he turned the fallen man over on his back with some difficulty, and then discovered, to his consternation, that it was young Duncan McKay, and that blood was flowing from a wound in his side.
Stooping down he turned the fallen man over on his back with some difficulty, and then discovered, to his consternation, that it was young Duncan McKay, and that blood was flowing from a wound in his side.n a very few minutes his strong common sense returned, and his first act was to open Duncan's coat and stanch the wound.
Stooping down he turned the fallen man over on his back with some difficulty, and then discovered, to his consternation, that it was young Duncan McKay, and that blood was flowing from a wound in his side.n a very few minutes his strong common sense returned, and his first act was to open Duncan's coat and stanch the wound.
In his eagerness the poor man, forgetting for a moment his helpless condition, made an effort to rise, and would certainly have fallen off the chair on which he was seated if Elspie had not sprung to his assistance.
Forgetting for a moment his helpless condition.
Running towards him.
Running towards him.
Owing to the attempts of Northern Abolitionists, who have come down here stirring up the slaves to discontent, it is not advisable, indeed it is absolutely dangerous, to speak against slavery in the Southern States.
Owing to the attempts of Northern Abolitionists, who have come down here stirring up the slaves to discontent.
Finding after a while that his efforts were unavailing, he subsided at last into sulky immovability.
Finding after a while that his efforts were unavailing.
The Merrimac and the fleet of little gunboats were now visible from the battery, advancing against the Cumberland.
Advancing against the Cumberland.
The Merrimac and the fleet of little gunboats were now visible from the battery, advancing against the.
Advancing against the.
Owing to the shallowness of the water the Merrimac.
Owing to the shallowness of the water the Merrimac.
Believing that he should be opposed by an army of 200,000 men, although, in fact, the Confederate army, after Jackson and all the available re-enforcements came up, was still somewhat inferior in strength to his own, he determined to abandon for the present the attempt upon Richmond, and to fall back upon the James River.
Believing that he should be opposed by an army of 200,000 men, although, in fact, the Confederate army, after Jackson and all the available re-enforcements came up, was still somewhat inferior in strength to his own.
Believing that he should be opposed by an army of 200,000 men, although, in fact, the Confederate army, after Jackson and all the available re-enforcements came up, was still somewhat inferior in strength to his own, he determined to abandon for the present the attempt upon Richmond, and to fall back upon the James River.
Believing that he should be opposed by an army of 200,000 men, although, in fact, the Confederate army, after Jackson and all the available re-enforcements came up, was still somewhat inferior in strength to his own.
He now drew it up and down, hoping that the slight noise the knife made against the wall might aid Dan in finding it.
Hoping that the slight noise the knife made against the wall might aid Dan in finding it.
Bery wet and cold, sleeping out of doors now, sah.
Sleeping out of doors now.
Looking about he soon found a long pole which would answer his purpose, placed the end of this against the window and climbed up.
Looking about he soon found a long pole which would answer his purpose, placed the end of this against the window and climbed up.
Looking about he found an old basket.
Looking about he found an old basket.
Taking with him the case of instruments and medicines he had brought, the doctor entered Vincent's room.
Taking with him the case of instruments and medicines he had brought, the doctor entered Vincent's room.
Forefathers that each State has its own government and is master of its own army, joining with the others for such purposes as it may think fit.
Joining with the others for such purposes as it may think fit.
Once across you could work directly south, crossing into the State of Mississippi, and from there take the cars through Alabama to Georgia.
Crossing into the State of Mississippi, and from there take the cars through Alabama to Georgia.
Returning to the hotel, he put on his new purchases, and then walked to the house of Lucy's aunts, which was a quarter of a mile outside the town.
Returning to the hotel.
Thinking that it was time for the unpleasantness that had been existing between us to come to an end, I offered him my hand.
Thinking that it was time for the unpleasantness that had been existing between us to come to an end.
Beginning in July, he read steadily on until he came to December.
Beginning in July.
Advancing to Staunton, Breckenridge was joined by the pupils of the military college at Lexington, 250 in number, lads of from fourteen to seventeen years of age.
Advancing to Staunton.
Advancing to Staunton, Breckenridge was joined by the pupils of the military college at Lexington, 250 in number, lads of from fourteen to seventeen years of age.n Sigel on the line of march and attacked him at once.
Advancing to Staunton.
I don't say she wouldn't, anyhow, seeing as you are an officer and the Yanks are after you.
Seeing as you are an officer and the Yanks are after you.
Tony and Dan, hearing of their approach, armed themselves with your double-barreled guns, went down and called out the hands, and armed them with hoes and other implements.
Hearing of their approach.
Appealing in pity for an alms institution.
Appealing in pity for an alms institution.
With one boy in trowsers and two girls in laces Complaining of starving while dying of plenty.
Complaining of starving while dying of plenty.
Jumping at once to the conclusion that it had been stolen by Brixton, he ran to that youth's tent and demanded to know where the thief had gone to.
Jumping at once to the conclusion that it had been stolen by Brixton.
The bully came forward, fuming with rage, and strode up to Fred Westly with a threatening look.
Fuming with rage, and strode up to Fred Westly with a threatening look.
Or, supposing that he did not confess it, how could he forge the tissue of lies that would be necessary to account for his sudden appearance, and.
Supposing that he did not confess it, how could he forge the tissue of lies that would be necessary to account for his sudden appearance, and.
Springing from his couch he had seized Bevan by the throat before he was quite awake.
Springing from his couch he had seized Bevan by the throat before he was quite awake.
Descending from the log on the other side, the two desperadoes left the spot.
Descending from the log on the other side, the two desperadoes left the spot.
Sharply, leaping from his horse, which he proceeded to unsaddle.
Leaping from his horse, which he proceeded to unsaddle.
Reflecting that a thoroughbred hunter could not clear the stream, even in daylight, he tried to pull up, but his horse refused.
Reflecting that a thoroughbred hunter could not clear the stream, even in daylight.
Feeling that he had by that time heard quite enough,.
Feeling that he had by that time heard quite enough,.
Then, returning to the tent, she arranged and packed a couple of saddle-bags with certain articles of clothing, as well as biscuits, dried meat, and other provisions.
Returning to the tent.
Going at once--.
Going at once--.
Thus, advancing at times with great animation, sitting down occasionally for short rests, and then resuming the march with renewed vigour, he travelled over the mountains without any definite end in view, beyond that to which we have already referred.
Advancing at times with great animation, sitting down occasionally for short rests, and then resuming the march with renewed vigour.
Perceiving at once that he had been led into a trap, he felt that his only chance lay in decisive and rapid action.
Perceiving at once that he had been led into a trap.
But Davy Spink, looking over his shoulder as he sat at the bow-oar, saw a narrow lead of comparatively still water in the midst of the foam, along which he guided the boat with consummate skill, giving only a word or two of direction to Swankie, who instantly acted in accordance therewith.
Looking over his shoulder as he sat at the bow-oar.
There were thirteen pair of them, belonging to twelve men and a lieutenant of the navy.
Belonging to twelve men and a lieutenant of the navy.
Panting though he was, vehemently, Ruby could not restrain a laugh.
Panting though he was, vehemently.
On the contrary, knowing that the sloop must have got clear of the harbour by that time, he went along the streets whistling cheerfully.
Knowing that the sloop must have got clear of the harbour by that time.
Returning from one of his voyages with a pretty good sum of money in his pocket, he resolved to visit his mother and give it to her.
Returning from one of his voyages with a pretty good sum of money in his pocket.
Once more Forsyth lay down, reaching over the pool as far as he could, and insinuating his hand into the water.
Reaching over the pool as far as he could, and insinuating his hand into the water.
Landing on the Bell Rock invariably cured the sickness for a time, and the sea-sick men had such an intense longing to eat of the dulse that grew there, that they were always ready and anxious to get into the boats when there was the slightest possibility of landing.
Landing on the Bell Rock invariably cured the sickness for a time, and the sea-sick men had such an intense longing to eat of the dulse that grew there, that they were always ready and anxious to get into the boats when there was the slightest possibility of landing.
Getting into the boats, by the way, in a heavy sea, when the lightship was rolling violently, was no easy matter.
Getting into the boats, by the way, in a heavy sea, when the lightship was rolling violently, was no easy matter.
One of these, sitting at the bow-oar, looked over his shoulder, and saw a heavy sea rolling towards the boat, and inadvertently expressed some fear.
Sitting at the bow-oar.
Such is the order of my master, the King of France, I am sent by.
King of France.
Proceeding over a mass of fallen rock, they reached the pebbly strand at the cave's inner mouth.
Proceeding over a mass of fallen rock.
Here all was pitch dark, owing to the place being enclosed all round, which the mortar-gallery was not, but a light was soon struck, a lamp trimmed, and the fire in the stove kindled.
Owing to the place being enclosed all round, which the mortar-gallery was not, but a light was soon struck, a lamp trimmed, and the fire in the stove kindled.
Fishing for these thenceforth became a pastime among the men, who not only supplied their own table with fresh fish, but at times sent presents of them to their friends in the vessels.
Fishing for these thenceforth became a pastime among the men, who not only supplied their own table with fresh fish, but at times sent presents of them to their friends in the vessels.
Fishing for these thenceforth became a pastime among the men, who not only supplied their own table with fresh fish, but at times sent presents of them to their friends in the vessels.l men to live at such a post of danger.
Fishing for these thenceforth became a pastime among the men, who not only supplied their own table with fresh fish, but at times sent presents of them to their friends in the vessels.l men to live at such a post of danger.
In another moment it fell, and, bursting over the rocks with a terrific roar, extinguished the forge fire, and compelled the men to take refuge in the beacon.
Bursting over the rocks with a terrific roar.
Attending to these leaks occupied most of the men at intervals during the night.
Attending to these leaks occupied most of the men at intervals during the night.
Scaffolding in such a situation would not have survived a moderate gale.
Scaffolding in such a situation would not have survived a moderate gale.
Owing to this simple omission, the crane, with the large stone at the end of the beam, got a preponderancy to one side, and, the tackle alluded to having rent, it fell upon the building with a terrible crash.
Owing to this simple omission, the crane, with the large stone at the end of the beam, got a preponderancy to one side, and, the tackle alluded to having rent.
Seeing that the place was covered with workmen, the strangers lowered their little boat and rowed towards them.
Seeing that the place was covered with workmen, the strangers lowered their little boat and rowed towards them.
Acting upon the assumption that the saying is true, we will do our best in this chapter for the human minds that condescend to peruse these pages, by leaping over a space of time, and by changing at least the character of the scene, if not the locality.
Acting upon the assumption that the saying is true.
The girl rose, and, going to a drawer, quickly returned with a small red leather case in her hand.
Going to a drawer.
Exhausting though the struggle had been, its duration was short, so that he soon recovered his wonted strength.
Exhausting though the struggle had been.
Rushing round it on either side, the cleft billows met again to leeward, just opposite the door, where they burst upwards in a magnificent cloud of spray to a height of full thirty feet.
Rushing round it on either side, the cleft billows met again to leeward, just opposite the door, where they burst upwards in a magnificent cloud of spray to a height of full thirty feet.
Passing to the kitchen, immediately below, Ruby found his old messmate, Jamie Dove, busy in the preparation of breakfast.
Passing to the kitchen, immediately below.
He went out accordingly, and, walking round the balcony that encircled the base of the lantern, was seen to put his hand up and quietly take down and wring the necks of such birds as he deemed suitable for his purpose.
Walking round the balcony that encircled the base of the lantern.
Hurrying on to the bridge till she reached the middle of one of the arches, she paused and looked over.
Hurrying on to the bridge till she reached the middle of one of the arches.
Turning into a labyrinth of small streets and alleys, she paused in the neighbourhood of the court in which was her home--if such it could be called.
Turning into a labyrinth of small streets and alleys.
Acting on this principle with all her heart, she gathered up the fragments of time, so that she had always a good deal of that commodity to spare, and was never in a hurry.
Acting on this principle with all her heart.
Acting on this principle with all her heart, she gathered up the fragments of time, so that she had always a good deal of that commodity to spare, and was never in a hurry.sket--a pretty large basket--which in time became such a repository of wealth in.
Acting on this principle with all her heart.
To the man who spends most of his time in the heart of London, going into the country--even for a short distance--is like passing into the fields of Elysium.
Going into the country--even for a short distance--is like passing into the fields of Elysium.
Again they were down in a hollow, gliding under a row of trees, where they shut off a little of the steam and removed their caps, the better to enjoy the grateful shade.
Gliding under a row of trees, where they shut off a little of the steam and removed their caps, the better to enjoy the grateful shade.
Little children, also, became sources of danger, standing in the middle of roads until, perceiving a possible catastrophe, they dashed wildly aside--always to the very side on which the riders had resolved to pass,--and escaped by absolute miracle!
Standing in the middle of roads until, perceiving a possible catastrophe.
Returning from a long voyage lately, he went to revisit the Rest, and there, at the Bible-class, prayed.
Returning from a long voyage lately.
Then, getting on the roof, declared to the assembled neighbours that he would throw himself down and dash out his brains.
Getting on the roof.
Watching until Giles was half way along.
Watching until Giles was half way along.
She was a feeble old creature, suffering from chronic rheumatism and a dislocated hip.
Suffering from chronic rheumatism and a dislocated hip.
She was a feeble old creature, suffering from chronic rheumatism and a dislocated hip.difficulties indeed, but I tell my Father all.
Suffering from chronic rheumatism and a dislocated hip.difficulties indeed, but I tell my Father all.
Plunging into the crowded thoroughfares of the great city, and walking swiftly along without aim or desire, eaten up with shame, and rendered desperate by remorse, the now reckless youth sought refuge in a low grog-shop, and called for a glass of beer.
Plunging into the crowded thoroughfares of the great city, and walking swiftly along without aim or desire, eaten up with shame, and rendered desperate by remorse, the now reckless youth sought refuge in a low grog-shop, and called for a glass of beer.
Referring to this matter on the following day in the servants' hall, Thomas Balls filled a foaming tankard of ginger-beer--for, strange to say, he was an abstainer, though a butler--and proposed, in a highly eulogistic speech, the health and prosperity of that admirable body of men, the Metropolitan Police, with which toast he begged to couple the name of Number 666!
Referring to this matter on the following day in the servants' hall.
Everything in this world goes by contrast, doesn't it?
Everything in this world goes by contrast, doesn't it?
Finding that, although for the present they were supplied with a small amount of food, Hetty had no employment and his mother no money, our city Arab said that he would undertake to sustain the family.
Finding that, although for the present they were supplied with a small amount of food.
Swelling with great intentions, Robert Frog thrust his dirty little hands into his trouser pockets--at least into the holes that once contained them--and went out whistling.
Swelling with great intentions.
Relying on the wisdom of this opinion, we propose now to give the reader who has followed us thus far a change of air--by shifting the scene to the bosom of the broad Atlantic--and thus blow away the cobwebs and dust of the city.
Relying on the wisdom of this opinion.
He took them round the farm buildings, commenting on and explaining everything, showed them cattle and horses, pigs and poultry, barns and stables, and then asked them how they thought they'd like to work there.
Commenting on and explaining everything.
Both boys, blazing with excitement, held on.
Blazing with excitement.
Everywhere there is evidence of order and care, showing that the inmates of the room are somehow in better circumstances.
Showing that the inmates of the room are somehow in better circumstances.
The old lady, observing that her son was addressing her, shot forth such a beam of intelligence and goodwill that it was as though a gleam of sunshine had burst into the room.
Observing that her son was addressing her.
This also was true, for old Mrs Merryboy, seeing that something unusual was occurring, had all this time been watching the various speakers with her coal-black eyes, changing aspect with their varied expressions, and wrinkling her visage up into such inexpressible contortions of sympathetic good-will, that she really could not have been more sociable if she had been in full possession and use of her five senses.
Seeing that something unusual was occurring.
The sound became fainter, and the missionary, fearing lest he should fail to find the room in which his man dwelt--for there were many rooms in the old tenement--ran hastily up-stairs and paused to listen.
Fearing lest he should fail to find the room in which his man dwelt--for there were many rooms in the old tenement--ran hastily up-stairs and paused to listen.
The sound became fainter, and the missionary, fearing lest he should fail to find the room in which his man dwelt--for there were many rooms in the old tenement--ran hastily up-stairs and paused to listen., because Ned was mounting a wooden stair.
Fearing lest he should fail to find the room in which his man dwelt--for there were many rooms in the old tenement--ran hastily up-stairs and paused to listen., because Ned was mounting a wooden stair.
Groping about, however, his hand struck against a ladder.
Groping about, however.
Groping about, however, his hand struck against a ladder.vy tread was heard in the room above as he crossed it.
Groping about, however.
But it was not so in the time of Mary, and it may be that troubles may again fall upon the land, seeing that as yet the Queen is not married.
Seeing that as yet the Queen is not married.
The King of Navarre, who had, since he joined the Catholic party, shown the greatest zeal in their cause, commanded the besiegers.
King of Navarre, who had, since he joined the Catholic party.
The King of Navarre, who had, since he joined the Catholic party, shown the greatest zeal in their cause, commanded the besiegers.d died shortly afterwards.
King of Navarre, who had, since he joined the Catholic party.
Sometimes those present broke up into groups, talking in an undertone.
Talking in an undertone.
After nightfall D'Arblay rode off, taking with him Francois and five of his own men, and leaving Philip in command of the rest.
Taking with him Francois and five of his own men, and leaving Philip in command of the rest.
The man, seeing that he had no choice, put a good face on it.
Seeing that he had no choice.
They will send out troops of horse after us, and messengers to every city in the province, calling upon the governors to take every means to seize us.
Calling upon the governors to take every means to seize us.
Pistol shots rang out here and there, showing that some of the Huguenots were making a stout defence of their homes.
Showing that some of the Huguenots were making a stout defence of their homes.
Here, calling for some bread and common wine, they sat down in a corner, and listened to the talk of the men who were drinking there.
Calling for some bread and common wine.
Issuing from the gates, they went for a quarter of a mile along the road, and then Raoul led the way into a small wood.
Issuing from the gates.
At last there was a fierce rally, ending by Philip parrying a home thrust and, returning it with lightning swiftness, running Raoul de Fontaine through the body with such force that the hilt of his sword struck against his chest, and he sank lifeless to the ground.
Ending by Philip parrying a home thrust and, returning it with lightning swiftness, running Raoul de Fontaine through the body with such force that the hilt of his sword struck against his chest, and he sank lifeless to the ground.
I have great faith in him and, though I can see no possible plan of escape, he, being without, may try something.
Being without, may try something.
Riding across the bridge over the river Lot, he entered the town.
Riding across the bridge over the river Lot.
Believing that all in the chateau were asleep, and that even the precaution of keeping a watchman on the walls had been neglected, the assailants advanced eagerly.
Believing that all in the chateau were asleep, and that even the precaution of keeping a watchman on the walls had been neglected, the assailants advanced eagerly.
Nevertheless he did not hesitate but, calling on his little band to follow him, rode full at a body of eight hundred of the Catholic cavalry.
Calling on his little band to follow him.
The King of France has no children.
King of France has no children.
I mean, of course, of Catholic Frenchmen--for I regard the Huguenots, being of our religion, as half English.
Being of our religion, as half English.
Going to the window he saw two gentlemen, with eight armed retainers, dismounting at the door.
Going to the window he saw two gentlemen, with eight armed retainers, dismounting at the door.
Standing upon the trunk of a fallen tree was a minister who was addressing them.
Standing upon the trunk of a fallen tree was a minister who was addressing them.
Seeing that there will be no minister here for some time, word was sent round secretly, to those of our religion in the town, and twice a week we have had meetings in the wood.
Seeing that there will be no minister here for some time.
Seeing that there will be no minister here for some time, word was sent round secretly, to those of our religion in the town, and twice a week we have had meetings in the wood.
Seeing that there will be no minister here for some time.
Bowing to the lady, Philip rode back to his party.
Bowing to the lady.
They are not great, seeing that three lives stand between it and him and, now that the king has married, they are more remote than before.
Seeing that three lives stand between it and him and.
Methinks, Philip, that when he comes to man's estate, and is King of Navarre, the Guises will find in him a very different opponent to deal with than the leaders of the Huguenots have been so far.
King of Navarre, the Guises will find in him a very different opponent to deal with than the leaders of the Huguenots have been so far.
As King of Navarre, simply, his interest would be all the other way, and he would doubtless remain a staunch Huguenot.
King of Navarre.
The entrance of the King of Navarre into Paris was, indeed, an imposing sight.
King of Navarre into Paris was.
The King of Navarre told me he was sure that Charles was deeply in earnest.
King of Navarre told me he was sure that Charles was deeply in earnest.
Listening to their talk about the court entertainments and pleasures, Philip quite shook off his uneasiness, and was angry with himself for having listened to Pierre's prognostications of evil.
Listening to their talk about the court entertainments and pleasures.
And, standing with upturned face, she prayed earnestly for protection.
Standing with upturned face.
Something in the tone of his voice struck her.
Something in the tone of his voice struck her.
Fearing that a watch might have been set at the bridges, they avoided these, crossing either by ferry boats or at fords.
Fearing that a watch might have been set at the bridges.
I am here upon no plot or conspiracy, but simply to endeavour to ascertain the fate of my cousin, Francois de Laville, who was with the King of Navarre on that fearful night, a fortnight since.
King of Navarre on that fearful night, a fortnight since.
Travelling as we are, we are going two knots an hour faster than the brig.
Travelling as we are.
We shall excite no special observation, travelling as English, as it will only be supposed that we are on our way to pay a visit to some of our officers, at Arcot.
Travelling as English, as it will only be supposed that we are on our way to pay a visit to some of our officers, at Arcot.
We shall excite no special observation, travelling as English, as it will only be supposed that we are on our way to pay a visit to some of our officers, at Arcot.oad from Madras south.
Travelling as English, as it will only be supposed that we are on our way to pay a visit to some of our officers, at Arcot.oad from Madras south.
He went on, turning to Dick, and holding out both his hands to him.
Turning to Dick, and holding out both his hands to him.
Dick, finding that the conversation now turned to the time when his mother and uncle were girl and boy together, left them and went downstairs.
Finding that the conversation now turned to the time when his mother and uncle were girl and boy together.
But, learning from the commandant at Vellore that, unless he were relieved, he would be driven to surrender for want of provisions, Sir Eyre Coote marched to his help.
Learning from the commandant at Vellore that, unless he were relieved.
I will write to the Nabob, saying that you were about to join him, but that, in the interest of the general defence, I have thought it better, at present, to attach you to the Bengal contingent.
Saying that you were about to join him, but that, in the interest of the general defence.
There are some peasants, with three bullocks, coming down the valley, and there are four armed horsemen riding behind them.
Coming down the valley, and there are four armed horsemen riding behind them.
Looking along the barrels, each could see one of the group in front, and fired at the same moment.
Looking along the barrels, each could see one of the group in front, and fired at the same moment.
Therefore, anything like a thorough conquest of Mysore was impossible, and there was only time to march to Seringapatam, to capture Tippoo's capital, and to dictate terms to him.
Anything like a thorough conquest of Mysore was impossible, and there was only time to march to Seringapatam, to capture Tippoo's capital, and to dictate terms to him.
Finding that Purseram Bhow's army was the first that would be engaged in active service, he asked permission from the general to join it.
Finding that Purseram Bhow's army was the first that would be engaged in active service.
The centre column, consisting of 3,700 men, under Lord Cornwallis himself, was to burst through the hedge at the centre of the enemy's position, to drive the enemy before them, and, if possible, to cross the ford to the island with the fugitives.
Consisting of 3,700 men, under Lord Cornwallis himself.
Unfortunately, owing to a misunderstanding as to the order, the officer guiding General Meadow's column, instead of taking it to a point between the northwestern redoubt and the river, led it directly at the fort.
Owing to a misunderstanding as to the order, the officer guiding General Meadow's column.
Surajah and I will wander about, enlisting in the garrisons of forts.
Enlisting in the garrisons of forts.
To these they always gave a very wide berth, as although, according to the terms of peace, they should all have been evacuated, they might still be occupied by parties of Tippoo's troops.
According to the terms of peace.
To these they always gave a very wide berth, as although, according to the terms of peace, they should all have been evacuated, they might still be occupied by parties of Tippoo's troops.my and fortresses, and to prepare for a renewal of the war.
According to the terms of peace.
Then, to prevent the possibility of error, the one asks the other a question--on what subject it matters not, providing that before he speaks, he coughs slightly.
Providing that before he speaks.
Wandering about, unquestioned, they came presently upon a scene that filled Dick with indignation and fury.
Wandering about.
At each meal, every officer has so many dishes, according to his rank.
According to his rank.
This they did, going at a foot pace, and scanning the cliffs and slopes as they passed.
Going at a foot pace, and scanning the cliffs and slopes as they passed.
Nothing save the rescue of my daughter from the harem would induce me to move now, and of that there is little chance.
Nothing save the rescue of my daughter from the harem would induce me to move now, and of that there is little chance.
They rode at a walk, now, till they came to a very large baobab tree, growing by the path they were following.
Growing by the path they were following.
Skirting round the foot, they came, in the course of an hour and a half's ride, on to the direct road which they had left at Anicull, in order to avoid passing through the town of Oussoor.
Skirting round the foot.
Skirting round the foot, they came, in the course of an hour and a half's ride, on to the direct road which they had left at Anicull, in order to avoid passing through the town of Oussoor.aly.
Skirting round the foot.
Dick, seeing that Annie was growing very nervous, as they neared their destination, had ridden all the way by the side of the cart, chatting cheerfully with her.
Seeing that Annie was growing very nervous, as they neared their destination.
Fearing that some such act of treachery might be attempted, he had told his men to conceal a few cartridges under their clothes, when they marched out with empty cartridge pouches.
Fearing that some such act of treachery might be attempted.
Half an hour later a party of twelve men, travelling in the same direction as themselves, also halted and turned in among the trees.
Travelling in the same direction as themselves.
Consequently, he did not step over any one's head, owing to his commission being dated nearly three years previously.
Owing to his commission being dated nearly three years previously.
Thus Mysore, one of the most ancient and powerful of the kingdoms of India, fell into the hands of the English, owing to the ambition, bigotry, and besotted cruelty of the son of a usurper.
Owing to the ambition.
There were five families, consisting of about thirty persons of two different tribes--the Slave and the Dog-rib Indians.
Consisting of about thirty persons of two different tribes--the Slave and the Dog-rib Indians.
Acting on this idea in the present instance, he sought to delight the hearts of these Slave and Dog-rib Indians by presenting them with pipes and tobacco, and inducing them to smoke.
Acting on this idea in the present instance.
Acting on this idea in the present instance, he sought to delight the hearts of these Slave and Dog-rib Indians by presenting them with pipes and tobacco, and inducing them to smoke.
Acting on this idea in the present instance.
To build a fort in a few weeks, consisting of a dwelling-house and several stores, with palisades eighteen feet high, in the midst of frost so intense that their axes sometimes became as brittle as glass, and living in tents the while, exposed to the storms of wind and snow peculiar to a hyperborean clime, was a feat which, if detailed, would fill a volume.
Consisting of a dwelling-house and several stores, with palisades eighteen feet high, in the midst of frost so intense that their axes sometimes became as brittle as glass, and living in tents the while.
Fearing that they might run short altogether, Mackenzie ordered Reuben and his son to fall behind, bury some pemmican in reserve for their return, and make a fire over the spot to conceal the fact that it had been dug into.
Fearing that they might run short altogether.
At length, being in a state of semi-starvation, with a leaky canoe, and unfriendly natives around, Mackenzie took a last observation, which gave 52 degrees 20 minutes 48 second North latitude and 128 degrres 2 minutes West longitude.
Being in a state of semi-starvation, with a leaky canoe, and unfriendly natives around.
Bernadotte, father of the present King of Sweden.
King of Sweden.
Fishing for a Friend VIII.
Fishing for a Friend VIII.
Fishing for a Prize IX.
Fishing for a Prize IX.
Groping in Darkness X.
Groping in Darkness X.
But, looking to his right, he discovered the two eyes staring at him and glowing like balls of fire.
Looking to his right.
The boy, yielding to a strange whim, threw out his arms and made a grab at him.
Yielding to a strange whim.
The boy, yielding to a strange whim, threw out his arms and made a grab at him.s tail with both hands.
Yielding to a strange whim.
Nothing of their horses could be seen, although he knew they must have a number of them somewhere in the neighborhood.
Nothing of their horses could be seen, although he knew they must have a number of them somewhere in the neighborhood.
He must be a long distance away, searching for his young friend, not knowing, and, perhaps, not caring about the Apaches.
Searching for his young friend.
Rising from the ground where he had lain so long, he stepped over the ridge, and advanced directly toward the redskin, who harbored no suspicion that there was any of his race in his neighborhood.
Rising from the ground where he had lain so long.
Fixing in his mind the direction of the stream, he started off, taking an almost opposite direction from that which led to the ridge, where he had lain so long watching the movements of the Apaches.
Fixing in his mind the direction of the stream.
Descendo, and the Apache was down the rope again, standing at the bottom of the cave, and Fred was again master of the situation.
Standing at the bottom of the cave, and Fred was again master of the situation.
Drawing near the cave in the mountain, they pulled their horses down to a walk and carefully guided them into the softest places, so as to make the noise of their hoofs as slight as possible.
Drawing near the cave in the mountain.
Drawing near the cave in the mountain, they pulled their horses down to a walk and carefully guided them into the softest places, so as to make the noise of their hoofs as slight as possible.they were a short distance beyond the dangerous spot, when Mickey spoke.
Drawing near the cave in the mountain.
Whirling about, he took quick aim and discharged both barrels almost in the face of the brute.
Whirling about.
Whirling about, he took quick aim and discharged both barrels almost in the face of the brute.ather nose, he turned back and continued his flight at the utmost bent of his speed.
Whirling about.
Being without any weapon at all, there seemed but one hope for Fred, and.
Being without any weapon at all, there seemed but one hope for Fred, and.
There he was, bearing on his shoulders some choice sections of a young antelope he had shot, although Fred recalled that he had not heard the report of his gun, except when the grizzly was shot.
Bearing on his shoulders some choice sections of a young antelope he had shot, although Fred recalled that he had not heard the report of his gun, except when the grizzly was shot.
There be a good many ways, according to what Soot told me, but that's enough to show ye that Lone Wolf and his folks wouldn't have been at a loss to find delightful ways of giving the little childher the innocent sport they must have.
According to what Soot told me, but that's enough to show ye that Lone Wolf and his folks wouldn't have been at a loss to find delightful ways of giving the little childher the innocent sport they must have.
Dragging that with him, the two hurried to the right, making for a wooded crevice between the rocks, which seemingly offered a chance for them to climb to the surface above, if, in the order of things, they should gain the opportunity to do so.
Dragging that with him, the two hurried to the right, making for a wooded crevice between the rocks, which seemingly offered a chance for them to climb to the surface above, if, in the order of things.
The tall scout, standing on the edge of the broad, deep ravine, looked down at the handsome face of the boy, to whom he felt attracted by a stronger affection than either he or the Irishman suspected.
Standing on the edge of the broad.
Seeing that he had no weapon.
Seeing that he had no weapon.
He was sure to be the first object that would attract the eye of the redskins from below, revealing to them the precise position of the fugitives.
Revealing to them the precise position of the fugitives.
Nothing but the hurried breathing of the mustang could be heard.
Nothing but the hurried breathing of the mustang could be heard.
The scout was still in the advance, proceeding in the same careful manner, all his wits about him, when he again paused, and motioned for the Irishman to stop.
Proceeding in the same careful manner, all his wits about him, when he again paused, and motioned for the Irishman to stop.
By this time, something like a sober second thought came to Mickey, who saw that his horse comprehended what was expected of him, and needing do further direction or urging.
Something like a sober second thought came to Mickey, who saw that his horse comprehended what was expected of him, and needing do further direction or urging.
Here, being on the frontier of civilisation, he saw the roughest of Canadian life.
Being on the frontier of civilisation.
Anything beyond that requires a run in order to be sustained.
Anything beyond that requires a run in order to be sustained.
Running to his assistance, they found that he was an Indian, and, from the blood that bespattered his dress and hand, it was evident that he had been wounded.
Running to his assistance.
Finding that he could not at his utmost stretch obtain a nibble at Jack's toes, he rushed at the trunk of the tree and began to ascend rapidly.
Finding that he could not at his utmost stretch obtain a nibble at Jack's toes.
According to instructions, Jack made over the charge of his establishment that day to the clerk who had been sent down to take charge, and next morning set out for Fort Kamenistaquoia, in the boat with the shipwrecked seamen.
According to instructions.
Leaping to his feet, the speaker started at a brisk walk to meet a jovial-looking personage coming down from the direction of the castle.
Leaping to his feet, the speaker started at a brisk walk to meet a jovial-looking personage coming down from the direction of the castle.
Knowing that they were still a long way off, he advanced as rapidly as he could in the direction in which they were coming.
Knowing that they were still a long way off.
Seeing that any sudden attack was impossible, the earl now directed a strong body to cut down trees, and prepare a moveable bridge to throw across the moat.
Seeing that any sudden attack was impossible, the earl now directed a strong body to cut down trees, and prepare a moveable bridge to throw across the moat.
The King of France, with his army, was also attacked with fury, and a large portion of his force were slaughtered.
King of France, with his army.
The King of France, on the other hand, looked grave.
King of France, on the other hand.
Seeing that it was speed, and speed alone, which now could save him, he flung aside his belt and scabbard as he ran, and with rapid steps flew along the streets, not knowing whither he went, and striving only to keep ahead of his pursuers.
Seeing that it was speed, and speed alone, which now could save him.
Extremely uneasy at the circumstance, Cuthbert went to the city guard, thinking that perhaps his guide might have got drunk, and been shut up in the cells.
Thinking that perhaps his guide might have got drunk, and been shut up in the cells.
Here, too, came the Queen of Navarre, bringing with her the beautiful Princess Berengaria.
Bringing with her the beautiful Princess Berengaria.
The men-at-arms, however, consisting of three, who appeared to be the leaders, and of eight pikemen fought stubbornly and well.
Consisting of three, who appeared to be the leaders, and of eight pikemen fought stubbornly and well.
Whoever you be, I warn you that the King of England will revenge this indignity.
King of England will revenge this indignity.
His majesty, finding that Cnut was of gentle Saxon blood, gave him a gold chain in token of his favor, and distributed a heavy purse among the men who had followed him.
Finding that Cnut was of gentle Saxon blood.
The King of Cyprus, however, an insolent and haughty despot, sent back a message of defiance.
King of Cyprus.
Rising to his feet, he saw a black slave, and an old woman beside him.
Rising to his feet.
Passing through several passages, he was at length led into a room where a lady of some forty years of age, surrounded by several slaves and younger women, was sitting.
Passing through several passages.
Keeping along the edge for a considerable distance, he came to a spot where it was passable, and made his way down to the river bank.
Keeping along the edge for a considerable distance.
The hermit was silent, and Cuthbert, seeing that his thoughts had again referred to the past, wandered away, and left him sitting by the river side.
Seeing that his thoughts had again referred to the past.
Going to the door of the principal hut he knocked, and upon entering showed the owner--who opened the door--a rosette of peculiar beads and repeated the name of Father Anselm.
Going to the door of the principal hut he knocked, and upon entering showed the owner--who opened the door--a rosette of peculiar beads and repeated the name of Father Anselm.
Cuthbert, retiring to his tent with the Earl of Evesham, inquired of him what had taken place during his absence.
Retiring to his tent with the Earl of Evesham.
You are, as I see, returning from the Holy Land, an are therefore used to heat rather than cold, so I should advise you before you leave this city to buy some rough cloaks to shield you from the cold.
Returning from the Holy Land, an are therefore used to heat rather than cold, so I should advise you before you leave this city to buy some rough cloaks to shield you from the cold.
Rushing in with ax and pike, they were astonished to find the place empty.
Rushing in with ax and pike.
Seeing that the confusion wrought by a sudden attack from men perched up aloft as we were, commanding the courtyard, and being each of us able to hit a silver mark at the distance of one hundred yards, would be great indeed, we judged that you might be able to slip away unobserved, and were sure that your quick wit would seize any opportunity which might offer.
Seeing that the confusion wrought by a sudden attack from men perched up aloft as we were, commanding the courtyard, and being each of us able to hit a silver mark at the distance of one hundred yards, would be great indeed.
The noble charger which the King of Saxony had presented to Cuthbert had suffered greatly, and he feared at one time that the poor animal would succumb to the effects of the tempest.
King of Saxony had presented to Cuthbert had suffered greatly, and he feared at one time that the poor animal would succumb to the effects of the tempest.
Finding that summonses to open were unanswered, the door was broken in, and the premises were found in confusion.
Finding that summonses to open were unanswered, the door was broken in, and the premises were found in confusion.
Cnut and the outlaws, burning with indignation, were ready to attempt anything.
Burning with indignation.
She could say no more, for the men, closing round the weeping girl, hurried her out from the convent.
Closing round the weeping girl.
She could say no more, for the men, closing round the weeping girl, hurried her out from the convent.without, and in this the young lady was placed, and, borne upon the shoulders of four stout men, she started at a fast pace, surrounded closely by the rest of the band.
Closing round the weeping girl.
Foaming with rage, Sir Rudolph took possession of a cottage near, camped his men around and prepared for a siege.
Foaming with rage.
Arriving at Vienna they lingered for some time, hoping there to be able to obtain some information of the whereabouts of King Richard.
Arriving at Vienna they lingered for some time, hoping there to be able to obtain some information of the whereabouts of King Richard.
Arriving at Vienna they lingered for some time, hoping there to be able to obtain some information of the whereabouts of King Richard.tendom at the imprisonment of its champion.
Arriving at Vienna they lingered for some time, hoping there to be able to obtain some information of the whereabouts of King Richard.tendom at the imprisonment of its champion.
Hearing that Longchamp, Bishop of Ely, one of Richard's vicegerents, was over in Normandy, and rightly deeming him the most earnest of his adherents, they at once recrossed the sea, and found the warlike prelate at Rouen.
Hearing that Longchamp.
The trial was soon over, and without a single dissentient the King of England was acquitted of all the charges brought against him.
King of England was acquitted of all the charges brought against him.
However, seeing that in her husband's present mood it was better to say no more, she resumed her work.
Seeing that in her husband's present mood it was better to say no more.
However, seeing that in her husband's present mood it was better to say no more, she resumed her work.m his feet to the strip of water far away.
Seeing that in her husband's present mood it was better to say no more.
Calling in his clerk the mayor read over to him the order he had received, and bade him turn to the court book and make out a list of the names of forty young men who had been charged before him with offenses of drunkenness, assault, battery and rioting.
Calling in his clerk the mayor read over to him the order he had received, and bade him turn to the court book and make out a list of the names of forty young men who had been charged before him with offenses of drunkenness.
According to the act of parliament and the request of her majesty's minister I drew up a list of fifty of the most useless and disreputable of the inhabitants of this town, and I rejoice to say that the place is rid of them all.
According to the act of parliament and the request of her majesty's minister I drew up a list of fifty of the most useless and disreputable of the inhabitants of this town, and I rejoice to say that the place is rid of them all.
Seeing that nobody paid any attention to me, I went off to the little captain, who was making his way up to a hut of a better class than the others.
Seeing that nobody paid any attention to me.
Seeing that nobody paid any attention to me, I went off to the little captain, who was making his way up to a hut of a better class than the others.e of me, captain?'.
Seeing that nobody paid any attention to me.
Leaning in he touched him gently.
Leaning in he touched him gently.
The mutineers, however, believing that there was no occasion to hurry, were quietly carrying out their intentions.
Believing that there was no occasion to hurry.
However, finding that nothing could be done he re-embarked his troops, and the fleet sailed for Barcelona.
Finding that nothing could be done he re-embarked his troops, and the fleet sailed for Barcelona.
However, finding that nothing could be done he re-embarked his troops, and the fleet sailed for Barcelona.pear slight, the fleet and army should at once proceed, as originally intended, to the assistance of the Duke of Savoy.
Finding that nothing could be done he re-embarked his troops, and the fleet sailed for Barcelona.pear slight, the fleet and army should at once proceed, as originally intended, to the assistance of the Duke of Savoy.
Something like a blockade, however, had been established, for the Catalan peasants guarded vigilantly every approach to the town.
Something like a blockade, however, had been established, for the Catalan peasants guarded vigilantly every approach to the town.
Something like a blockade, however, had been established, for the Catalan peasants guarded vigilantly every approach to the town.been about to board a hostile ship.
Something like a blockade, however, had been established, for the Catalan peasants guarded vigilantly every approach to the town.been about to board a hostile ship.
Standing on a commanding height, it was abundantly capable of defense even against a regular siege, and its reduction was always regarded as a most formidable enterprise, to be undertaken at leisure after the capture of the town.
Standing on a commanding height.
Standing on a commanding height, it was abundantly capable of defense even against a regular siege, and its reduction was always regarded as a most formidable enterprise, to be undertaken at leisure after the capture of the town.ntjuich might neglect proper precautions.
Standing on a commanding height.
Galloping at full speed.
Galloping at full speed.
Dashing from street to street, unattended even by his dragoons,.
Dashing from street to street, unattended even by his dragoons,.
Its situation is lovely, standing within a mile and a half of the sea, in a rich plain covered with vines, olives, and other fruit trees, while beyond the plains rise the mountains, range after range, with the higher summits covered with snow.
Standing within a mile and a half of the sea, in a rich plain covered with vines.
The force of Las Torres, seven thousand strong, recovering from their panic, had, a day or two after he entered the town, returned and taken post on some hills near it, preparatory to recommencing the siege.
Recovering from their panic.
Peterborough rode at their head, having by his side a Spanish gentleman acquainted with every foot of the country.
Having by his side a Spanish gentleman acquainted with every foot of the country.
The Spaniards, knowing that the Spanish army lay between them and the town, had taken no precautions, and the British were in possession of the place before they were aware of their danger.
Knowing that the Spanish army lay between them and the town.
I will give you a letter to the marquis, saying that you are one of my most trusted and valued officers, and begging him to avail himself to the fullest of your energy and skill.
Saying that you are one of my most trusted and valued officers, and begging him to avail himself to the fullest of your energy and skill.
Then their leader, seeing that they would sustain very heavy loss if the enemy carried the wall by assault, ordered his trumpeter to sound the retreat.
Seeing that they would sustain very heavy loss if the enemy carried the wall by assault.
Finding that their position was now desperate, the remnant of the British troops abandoned the castle they had so stoutly defended, and succeeded in making their way safely into the city.
Finding that their position was now desperate, the remnant of the British troops abandoned the castle they had so stoutly defended, and succeeded in making their way safely into the city.
Arriving at the village they found, to their great disappointment, that the murderers had fled, and that hardly any of the inhabitants remained.
Arriving at the village they found, to their great disappointment, that the murderers had fled, and that hardly any of the inhabitants remained.
Finding that a portion of the fleet had been ordered to the West Indies, the earl was obliged to abandon his project of capturing Minorca and then carrying substantial aid to the Duke of Savoy.
Finding that a portion of the fleet had been ordered to the West Indies, the earl was obliged to abandon his project of capturing Minorca and then carrying substantial aid to the Duke of Savoy.
Daring to the point of extreme rashness where there was a possibility of success, he was prudent and cautious in the extreme when prudence was more necessary than daring.
Daring to the point of extreme rashness where there was a possibility of success.
In front of the door he describes an airy circlet, dismounting while yet in motion, leans the lightning express against the wall, and enters.
Dismounting while yet in motion.
Passing through one of the less-frequented streets in the neighbourhood of Finchley Road, he ventured to give the rein to his willing charger.
Passing through one of the less-frequented streets in the neighbourhood of Finchley Road.
Passing through one of the less-frequented streets in the neighbourhood of Finchley Road, he ventured to give the rein to his willing charger.ed to smile--and Fortune was to be commended for her severity.
Passing through one of the less-frequented streets in the neighbourhood of Finchley Road.
But neither the skipper nor Tips was very visible at the distance of three yards, owing to a dense fog which prevailed.
Owing to a dense fog which prevailed.
But neither the skipper nor Tips was very visible at the distance of three yards, owing to a dense fog which prevailed.generally, if not always, accompanied by profound calm.
Owing to a dense fog which prevailed.generally, if not always.
Springing towards her, he knelt and raised her head.
Springing towards her.
Running to one of the many streams of water which trickled from the cliff, he filled the top of his wideawake therewith, and, returning, laved the girl's face, and poured a little into her mouth.
Running to one of the many streams of water which trickled from the cliff.
Returning at a swift pace by the road they had come, they soon reached Kinlossie, where the laird drove into the back yard, so as to deliver the still dripping MacRummle at the back door, and thus prevent his leaving a moist track from the front hall to his bedroom.
Returning at a swift pace by the road they had come.
Seeing that there was no likelihood of their coming nearer, he raised his rifle, took steady but quick aim, and fired.
Seeing that there was no likelihood of their coming nearer.
As he spoke the other hind, doubling round a mass of fallen rock, almost leaped into McGregor's arms.
Doubling round a mass of fallen rock.
Seeing that most of those present had lighted their pipes, and that the laird seemed to wish it, Jackman washed down his lunch with a glass of sparkling water, cleared his throat, and began.
Seeing that most of those present had lighted their pipes, and that the laird seemed to wish it.
JACKMAN'S WONDERFUL ELEPHANT STORY.cing at Junkie and Robin Tips, who sat before him open-mouthed and open-eyed, as if ready to swallow anything...
STORY.cing at Junkie and Robin Tips, who sat before him open-mouthed and open-eyed, as if ready to swallow anything...
Nothing in the forests had yet been found which could stand before his onset.
Nothing in the forests had yet been found which could stand before his onset.
And when we saw him stalk solemnly into camp with his mahowt, or guide, looking like a small monkey on his great neck, and remembered his fame as a fighter and his eager thirst at all times for battle, we felt that the keystone had been put to the arch of our arrangements.
Looking like a small monkey on his great neck, and remembered his fame as a fighter and his eager thirst at all times for battle.
Finding that he could not accomplish his purpose, the infuriated animal rushed towards the camp, where the khedda or hunting elephants were, and where, as I have said, our Director had pitched his tent.
Finding that he could not accomplish his purpose, the infuriated animal rushed towards the camp, where the khedda or hunting elephants were, and where, as I have said.
It was very small, consisting of only one apartment with a box bed and a few articles of old furniture, the most cherished of which was a little clock with a staring face, and a poor landscape on it.
Consisting of only one apartment with a box bed and a few articles of old furniture, the most cherished of which was a little clock with a staring face, and a poor landscape on it.
Winding in the line in a way which proved that the divit had done him no harm, he gave utterance to an exclamation of huge disgust as he drew an eel to the bank, with the line entangled hopelessly about its shiny body.
Winding in the line in a way which proved that the divit had done him no harm.
Running into the water, they seized him by the hair and the collar of his coat, and dragged him into the shallow part easily enough, but they had not strength to haul him ashore.
Running into the water.
Nothing but an unbroken flat for a hundred yards lay around him in all directions, unrelieved by bush, rock, or tree, and bounded by a five-foot wall, with only one gate, near to where the bull stood pawing the earth and apparently working itself into a rage.
Nothing but an unbroken flat for a hundred yards lay around him in all directions, unrelieved by bush.
Separating as they drew near, they attacked him on three sides at once.
Separating as they drew near.
Dashing at the new foe he was caught by the tail by Junkie, who applied the butt of his rod vigorously, the reel adding considerable weight to his blows.
Dashing at the new foe he was caught by the tail by Junkie, who applied the butt of his rod vigorously, the reel adding considerable weight to his blows.
Of course, going as they were at such a rate, the traversing of six or eight miles of water occupied but little time, and they were soon close to the bay, at the head of which Kinlossie House nestled among its trees.
Going as they were at such a rate, the traversing of six or eight miles of water occupied but little time, and they were soon close to the bay, at the head of which Kinlossie House nestled among its trees.
A great cry arose from the shore, and Ivor, plunging into the surf, was seen to breast the billows with the force of a Hercules.
Plunging into the surf.
Then, swimming on his own back, he gently drew her upon his breast, so that her head rested close to his chin.
Swimming on his own back.
Rising to the surface.
Rising to the surface.
Whether it was the mysterious attraction or the occult discernment of love that drew him, we cannot tell, but certain it is that when Barret, standing on the upper edge of the cliff, glanced from the eagle--which.
Standing on the upper edge of the cliff.
Whether it was the mysterious attraction or the occult discernment of love that drew him, we cannot tell, but certain it is that when Barret, standing on the upper edge of the cliff, glanced from the eagle--whichs watching him suspiciously--downward to the base of the cliff, where the sheep appeared like little buff spots on the green grass, his startled eyes alighted on Milly, lying on her back, contemplating the heavens!
Standing on the upper edge of the cliff.
Far away on a shoulder of the mountain, which rose on the other side of the valley, lying between it and the Eagle Cliff, a grey speck might have been seen perched on a rock.
Lying between it and the Eagle Cliff, a grey speck might have been seen perched on a rock.
When she did see him at last, lying on a sofa in a dressing-gown, and with his head and face as we have described, his appearance did not call to her remembrance the faintest resemblance to the confused, wild, and altogether incomprehensible youth, who had tumbled her over in the streets of London, and almost run her down in the Eagle Pass.
Lying on a sofa in a dressing-gown, and with his head and face as we have described.
When she did see him at last, lying on a sofa in a dressing-gown, and with his head and face as we have described, his appearance did not call to her remembrance the faintest resemblance to the confused, wild, and altogether incomprehensible youth, who had tumbled her over in the streets of London, and almost run her down in the Eagle Pass.hat she did not recognise either his face or his voice, he felt uncertain whether it would not be, perhaps, better to say nothing at all about the matter in the meantime.
Lying on a sofa in a dressing-gown, and with his head and face as we have described.
Roderick, the groom, being in the harness-room on the lee side of the nursery at the time, made a remark with the same opening words.
Being in the harness-room on the lee side of the nursery at the time.
Striding towards a pitcher of water which stood in a corner of the room, the keeper seized it, put it to his lips, and almost drained it.
Striding towards a pitcher of water which stood in a corner of the room, the keeper seized it, put it to his lips, and almost drained it.
Elder Holloway, sitting in the pulpit, put up a hand to one ear, as half-deaf men do, and sat up straight, looking as if he was hearing some good news.
Sitting in the pulpit.
As for the rest, beginning with the editor of the Eagle, it was almost as if they had been told that they were themselves on fire.
Beginning with the editor of the Eagle.
Away went the editor, carrying with him an extraordinary treasure of news for the next number of his journal.
Carrying with him an extraordinary treasure of news for the next number of his journal.
Everything about the Hudson.
Everything about the Hudson.
Jack's first long letter, telling that he was in the grocery business, had been almost a damper to the Ogden family.
Telling that he was in the grocery business.
Jack's first long letter, telling that he was in the grocery business, had been almost a damper to the Ogden family.ame with them.
Telling that he was in the grocery business.
The new bridge over the Cocahutchie was of iron, resting on stone piers, and the village street crossed it.
Resting on stone piers, and the village street crossed it.
Stopping before a tenement-house, he entered, and, going up two flights of stairs, opened a door and entered.
Stopping before a tenement-house.
Now, according to the arrangement entered into between him and Mike, the latter, for his services, was to receive one cent on every package sold.
According to the arrangement entered into between him and Mike, the latter, for his services.
Mr. Preston rose, and, going to a bureau, took therefrom a shirt which he handed to Paul.
Going to a bureau.
Paul went downstairs and into the street, thinking that Mr. Preston was very sociable and agreeable.
Thinking that Mr. Preston was very sociable and agreeable.
He then came out on the steps, and, looking about him to see if Paul was anywhere near, descended the steps, and walked across to Lovejoy's Hotel.
Looking about him to see if Paul was anywhere near.
Finding that his blows upon the door produced no effect, he began to jump up and down upon the floor, making, in his heavy boots, a considerable noise.
Finding that his blows upon the door produced no effect.
He took his cane, and, standing on the bed, struck it furiously against the ceiling, intending it as signal to the man above to desist.
Standing on the bed.
Seeking for him in a city containing hundreds of streets and millions of inhabitants was about as discouraging as hunting for a needle in a haystack.
Seeking for him in a city containing hundreds of streets and millions of inhabitants was about as discouraging as hunting for a needle in a haystack.
It is not uncommon to see a little boy, too young to be out of his mother's sight, smoking with all the apparent satisfaction of a veteran smoker.
Smoking with all the apparent satisfaction of a veteran smoker.
They were soon in Chatham Street, walking between rows of ready-made clothing shops, many of which had half their stock in trade exposed on the sidewalk.
Walking between rows of ready-made clothing shops.
Finding that nothing was to be made out of Dick, the man strode away with a muttered curse.
Finding that nothing was to be made out of Dick, the man strode away with a muttered curse.
At last he went into business, starting in a small way, and worked his way up by degrees.
Starting in a small way, and worked his way up by degrees.
On the north, is true to its name, occupying about the centre of the island.
Occupying about the centre of the island.
Judging from Dick's appearance, Mrs. Mooney thought he would turn from it in disdain.
Judging from Dick's appearance.
Lodging in the street as he had been accustomed to do, he had had no opportunity to perform his toilet in the customary manner.
Lodging in the street as he had been accustomed to do.
Proceeding to their apartment in Mott Street, Fosdick at once tried on his new suit, and it was found to be an excellent fit.
Proceeding to their apartment in Mott Street.
Boys as well as men are selfish, and, looking upon Dick as a possible rival, the boys who listened seemed disposed to take the same view of the situation.
Looking upon Dick as a possible rival, the boys who listened seemed disposed to take the same view of the situation.
Knowing that neither of the boys were in their room in the daytime, he came back in the course of the morning, and, being admitted by Mrs. Mooney herself, said, by way of accounting for his presence, that he had a cold, and had come back for a handkerchief.
Knowing that neither of the boys were in their room in the daytime.
He was not without a little uneasiness, fearing that Travis might be as prompt as himself, and finding him there, might suspect something, and so escape the snare.
Fearing that Travis might be as prompt as himself, and finding him there, might suspect something, and so escape the snare.
Returning to the City Hall Park, Dick soon fell in with Tom Wilkins.
Returning to the City Hall Park.
The broad blossom is the Delta, extending from Aboosir to Tineh, a direct distance of a hundred and eighty miles, which the projection of the coast--the graceful swell of the petals--enlarges to two hundred and thirty.
Extending from Aboosir to Tineh, a direct distance of a hundred and eighty miles, which the projection of the coast--the graceful swell of the petals--enlarges to two hundred and thirty.
The Nile, working from its immense reservoirs in the equatorial regions, has gradually scooped itself out a deep bed in the sand and rock of the desert, which must have originally extended across the whole of northern Africa from the Atlantic to the Red Sea.
Working from its immense reservoirs in the equatorial regions.
The Egyptian is always slight in figure, wanting in muscle, flat in foot, with limbs that are too long, too thin, too lady-like.
Wanting in muscle.
The favourite song of the Egyptians, according to Herodotus, was a dirge.
According to Herodotus.
According to the side on which the balance inclined, Osiris, the president, delivered sentence.
According to the side on which the balance inclined.
This period is the favourite playground of the myth-spirits, where they disport themselves freely, or lounge heavily and listlessly, according to their different natures.
According to their different natures.
And they who, sitting on Memnonian sands, Cast their long shadows o'er the desert plain:).
Sitting on Memnonian sands.
And they who, sitting on Memnonian sands, Cast their long shadows o'er the desert.
Sitting on Memnonian sands.
System of Persia.pring of the year, to store it, and prevent it from flowing off down the river-courses to the sea, where it is absolutely lost.
Persia.pring of the year, to store it, and prevent it from flowing off down the river-courses to the sea, where it is absolutely lost.
In person, riding in a war-chariot, the first of which we have distinct mention.
Riding in a war-chariot, the first of which we have distinct mention.
This chamber is open towards the north-east, terminating in a porch of three square piers.
Terminating in a porch of three square piers.
They were simple folk, living in rounded huts or cabins, which were perched on floors supported by piles, probably on account of the marshiness of the ground, and which had to be entered by means of ladders.
Living in rounded huts or cabins, which were perched on floors supported by piles.
According to one writer, he placed a fleet on the Euphrates, and in an action which took place with the Assyrians, defeated and chased the enemy for a distance of between seven and eight miles.
According to one writer.
In character he was weak, irresolute, wanting in physical courage, yet, as so often happens with weak characters, harsh, oppressive, and treacherous.
Wanting in physical courage.
The empty ships, floating at random upon the still waters of the lagoon, or stuck fast in the Nile mud, became the prize of the victors, and were found to contain a rich booty.
Floating at random upon the still waters of the lagoon, or stuck fast in the Nile mud.
Starting with a fleet and army along the line that his assailants had followed, he traversed Palestine and Syria, hunting the lion in the outskirts of Lebanon, and re-establishing for a time the Egyptian dominion over much of the region which had been formerly held in subjection by the great monarchs of the eighteenth and nineteenth dynasties.
Starting with a fleet and army along the line that his assailants had followed.
Starting with a fleet and army along the line that his assailants had followed, he traversed Palestine and Syria, hunting the lion in the outskirts of Lebanon, and re-establishing for a time the Egyptian dominion over much of the region which had been formerly held in subjection by the great monarchs of the eighteenth and nineteenth dynasties.
Starting with a fleet and army along the line that his assailants had followed.
His Eastern conquests were more specious than solid, resulting in a nominal rather than a real subjection of Palestine and Syria to his yoke.
Resulting in a nominal rather than a real subjection of Palestine and Syria to his yoke.
1), Solomon took to wife his daughter, an Egyptian princess, receiving with her as a dowry the city and territory of Gezer, which Pinetem had recently taken from its independent Canaanite inhabitants (ib. ix.
Receiving with her as a dowry the city and territory of Gezer, which Pinetem had recently taken from its independent Canaanite inhabitants (ib. ix.
9), consisting of Cushites or Ethiopians, and of Lubim (ib.
Consisting of Cushites or Ethiopians, and of Lubim (ib.
Tafnekht, the leader of the revolt, and Osorkon, king of Bubastis, Piankhi proceeded against the latter.
King of Bubastis.
At the same time, Petisis, king of Athribis, made his submission.
King of Athribis.
Hezekiah, king of Judah, joined the malcontents.
King of Judah.
According to Herodotus, 120,000 of them perished.
According to Herodotus, 120,000 of them perished.
In one, owing to the length of the way and the dangers of the navigation.
Owing to the length of the way and the dangers of the navigation.
According to all accounts this date fell into the lifetime of Apries.
According to all accounts this date fell into the lifetime of Apries.
Returning down the valley, he completed that ravage of Egypt which is described by Jeremiah and Ezekiel.
Returning down the valley.
According to some, he required Amasis to send him one of his daughters as a concubine, an insult which the Egyptian king escaped by finesse while he appeared to submit to it.
According to some.
According to Ctesias, fifty thousand of them fell, whereas the entire loss on the Persian side was only six thousand.
According to Ctesias, fifty thousand of them fell, whereas the entire loss on the Persian side was only six thousand.
According to Ctesias, fifty thousand of them fell, whereas the entire loss on the Persian side was only six thousand.ggle, the troops of Psamatik fled, and in a little time the retreat became a complete rout.
According to Ctesias, fifty thousand of them fell, whereas the entire loss on the Persian side was only six thousand.ggle, the troops of Psamatik fled, and in a little time the retreat became a complete rout.
, having after a time established himself firmly upon the throne, and got rid of pretenders, resumed the ambitious policy of his predecessor, and entered into an alliance with the people of Sidon and their neighbours, who were in revolt against Persia.
Having after a time established himself firmly upon the throne, and got rid of pretenders.
, having after a time established himself firmly upon the throne, and got rid of pretenders, resumed the ambitious policy of his predecessor, and entered into an alliance with the people of Sidon and their neighbours, who were in revolt against Persia.
Having after a time established himself firmly upon the throne, and got rid of pretenders.
The captain went up stairs again with a large dish of ice, to assist the doctor in the treatment of his patient.d staid in the hall, talking with Miss Nellie, as long as he thought it proper to do so, though not as long as he desired, and then entered the library where he, also, had left his hat.
Talking with Miss Nellie.
Everything in the cook-room and the cabin, as well as on deck, was neat and nice.
Everything in the cook-room and the cabin, as well as on deck, was neat and nice.
The plateau was on a peninsula, extending to the north from the island, which was not unlike the head of a turtle, and the shape had given it a name.
Extending to the north from the island, which was not unlike the head of a turtle, and the shape had given it a name.
Nothing of the sort.
Nothing of the sort.
Kennedy, looking over the article in the paper.
Looking over the article in the paper.
Then he cast the contents of a sand-box upon it, returning to it the portion which did not adhere to the paper.
Returning to it the portion which did not adhere to the paper.
Leaping upon the pier, he rushed over to the other side, where he discovered a sail-boat slowly making her way, in the gentle breeze, out of the dock.
Leaping upon the pier.
For a few moments all hands were still, watching with intense interest the progress of the race.
Watching with intense interest the progress of the race.
Going to School.
Going to School.
Going to School.
Going to School.
Running to Waste:.
Running to Waste:.
Going on a Mission.
Going on a Mission.
I'm King of the Under World, and my subjects are all miners.
King of the Under World, and my subjects are all miners.
That was why Dorothy went to her little room in the attic that afternoon, taking with her a small dog named Toto.
Taking with her a small dog named Toto.
I'm the King of Beasts, you know, and.
King of Beasts.
How They Came to Bunbury Wandering through the woods, without knowing where you are going or what adventure you are about to meet next, is not as pleasant as one might think.
Wandering through the woods, without knowing where you are going or what adventure you are about to meet next.
Everything in Bunbury is eatable to ravenous human creatures like you.
Everything in Bunbury is eatable to ravenous human creatures like you.
I s'pose you're the King of.
King of.
Dorothy bade good bye to the King as they stood just inside the wall.
King as they stood just inside the wall.
He's the King of this country, you know, but Ozma rules over all the countries of Oz.
King of this country.
That Nome King for not having it swept clean.
King for not having it swept clean.
Seeing that his terrible allies and his own General refused to act, the Nome King turned to order his great army of Nomes to advance from the tunnel and seize the helpless Oz people.
Seeing that his terrible allies and his own General refused to act, the Nome King turned to order his great army of Nomes to advance from the tunnel and seize the helpless Oz people.
Omby Amby, frowning at the machine man.
Frowning at the machine man.
Stooping so that their figures should not show against the sky.
Stooping so that their figures should not show against the sky.
She went to England to live with Terence's father, and came into possession of the fortune which her father, foreseeing that difficulties might arise at his death, had forwarded to a bank at home, having appointed Captain O'Connor her guardian.
Foreseeing that difficulties might arise at his death.
Going into the tent, he opened the despatch.
Going into the tent.
Terence went at once up the hill, to a point whence he could look well over the round hills on the other side of the valley, and make out the British and Spanish lines, stretching to Talavera.
Stretching to Talavera.
Fortunately, Soult was as ignorant of the position of the Allies as Sir Arthur was of his and, believing that the British were following Victor and pressing forward towards Madrid, he had conducted his operations in a comparatively leisurely manner.
Believing that the British were following Victor and pressing forward towards Madrid.
The French cavalry, believing that the battalions were Spanish, and would break at once, charged furiously down upon them.
Believing that the battalions were Spanish, and would break at once.
He was the only British officer and, being on parole, the officer commanding the detachment marching with the prisoners invited him to ride with him, and the two days' journey was made very pleasantly.
Being on parole, the officer commanding the detachment marching with the prisoners invited him to ride with him, and the two days' journey was made very pleasantly.
Leaning on the parapet, he and Ryan stood for some time looking at the sea.
Leaning on the parapet.
As it is, nothing but a big wave breaking right over her stern could damage us very seriously.
Nothing but a big wave breaking right over her stern could damage us very seriously.
At times the rain fell, sweeping along with stinging force but, wet as they were, this mattered little to them.
Sweeping along with stinging force but.
An hour or two, thinking over what she shall say to him when he comes in.
Thinking over what she shall say to him when he comes in.
Running up to the schooner's side, Terence and Ryan clambered on the channel and sprung on to the deck of the schooner.
Running up to the schooner's side.
In a short time, seeing that the working parties in the enemy's trenches made no attempt to push them farther forward, Terence withdrew the men from their exposed position on the ramparts--leaving only a few there on the lookout--and told the rest to lie down on the inner slopes, so as to be in shelter from the French fire.
Seeing that the working parties in the enemy's trenches made no attempt to push them farther forward.
In a short time, seeing that the working parties in the enemy's trenches made no attempt to push them farther forward, Terence withdrew the men from their exposed position on the ramparts--leaving only a few there on the lookout--and told the rest to lie down on the inner slopes, so as to be in shelter from the French fire.er of a mile away.
Seeing that the working parties in the enemy's trenches made no attempt to push them farther forward.
Owing to the exhausted state of both the British and Portuguese treasuries, it was impossible to supply the corps acting in rear of the French with money for the purchase of food.
Owing to the exhausted state of both the British and Portuguese treasuries.
Looking round the table he saw that, in place of the expressions of amusement with which the previous conversation had been listened to, there was now, on every face, a deep and serious interest.
Looking round the table he saw that, in place of the expressions of amusement with which the previous conversation had been listened to, there was now, on every face, a deep and serious interest.
O'Toole's attack was successful and, on the other side of the town, Pack's Portuguese, meeting with no resistance, had blown open the gate of San Jago, and had also entered the town.
Meeting with no resistance.
The officers will post you, five at each window.e the order, throw open the door and pour out, forming across the street as you do so.
Forming across the street as you do so.
Walking by the side of the staff officer--for he had returned the horse lent him by General Barnard--he accompanied him to a house in the great square, where Lord Wellington had taken up his quarters.
Walking by the side of the staff officer--for he had returned the horse lent him by General Barnard--he accompanied him to a house in the great square, where Lord Wellington had taken up his quarters.
Finding that the town had been entered at several points, the defenders of the breach gave way, and the soldiers poured into the town.
Finding that the town had been entered at several points, the defenders of the breach gave way, and the soldiers poured into the town.
Thinking that he was asleep, she paused at the door.
Thinking that he was asleep.
Leaping to his feet, the speaker started at a brisk walk to meet a jovial-looking personage coming down from the direction of the castle.
Leaping to his feet, the speaker started at a brisk walk to meet a jovial-looking personage coming down from the direction of the castle.
Knowing that they were still a long way off, he advanced as rapidly as he could in the direction in which they were coming.
Knowing that they were still a long way off.
Seeing that any sudden attack was impossible, the earl now directed a strong body to cut down trees, and prepare a movable bridge to throw across the moat.
Seeing that any sudden attack was impossible, the earl now directed a strong body to cut down trees, and prepare a movable bridge to throw across the moat.
The King of France, with his army, was also attacked with fury, and a large portion of his force were slaughtered.
King of France, with his army.
The King of France, with his army, was also attacked with fury, and a large portion of his force were slaughtered.f that the Turks were equal to the Christian knights.
King of France, with his army.
Falling upon their knees, the crowd begged of him to give them the sign of the cross, and to bestow his blessing upon their swords, and upon their efforts.
Falling upon their knees, the crowd begged of him to give them the sign of the cross, and to bestow his blessing upon their swords, and upon their efforts.
The King of England was already in Normandy hastening the preparations, and each band, as it landed, marched down to the meeting-place on the plains of Vezelay.
King of England was already in Normandy hastening the preparations, and each band, as it landed.
The King of France, on the other hand, looked grave.
King of France, on the other hand.
Extremely uneasy at the circumstance, Cuthbert went to the city guard, thinking that perhaps his guide might have got drunk, and been shut up in the cells.
Thinking that perhaps his guide might have got drunk, and been shut up in the cells.
Extremely uneasy at the circumstance, Cuthbert went to the city guard, thinking that perhaps his guide might have got drunk, and been shut up in the cells.ve notice to the authorities of his loss, and then, mounting his horse, and leaving some money with the landlord of the hostelry to give to his guide in case the latter should return, he started at mid-day by the southern road.
Thinking that perhaps his guide might have got drunk, and been shut up in the cells.ve notice to the authorities of his loss, and then, mounting his horse, and leaving some money with the landlord of the hostelry to give to his guide in case the latter should return.
The men-at-arms, however, consisting of three, who appeared to be the leaders, and of eight pikemen, fought stubbornly and well.
Consisting of three, who appeared to be the leaders, and of eight pikemen.
The men-at-arms, however, consisting of three, who appeared to be the leaders, and of eight pikemen, fought stubbornly and well.airs.
Consisting of three, who appeared to be the leaders, and of eight pikemen.
His Majesty, finding that Cnut was of gentle Saxon blood, gave him a gold chain in token of his favour, and distributed a heavy purse among the men who had followed him.
Finding that Cnut was of gentle Saxon blood.
Dividing as the king with his knights charged them, they suffered these to pass through with but slight resistance, and then closed in upon their track, while another and still more numerous body fell upon the footmen and their guard.
Dividing as the king with his knights charged them.
Rising to his feet, he saw a black slave, and an old woman beside him.
Rising to his feet.
Passing through several passages, he was at length led into a room where a lady of some forty years of age, surrounded by several slaves and younger women, was sitting.
Passing through several passages.
Keeping along the edge for a considerable distance, he came to a spot where it was passable, and made his way down to the river bank.
Keeping along the edge for a considerable distance.
Although it may seem strange to you, looking upon this withered frame, sixty-five years back I was as bold and comely a knight as rode in the train of the king, for I am now past ninety, and for sixty years I have resided here.
Looking upon this withered frame, sixty-five years back I was as bold and comely a knight as rode in the train of the king, for I am now past ninety, and for sixty years I have resided here.
The hermit was silent, and Cuthbert, seeing that his thoughts had again referred to the past, wandered away, and left him sitting by the river side.
Seeing that his thoughts had again referred to the past.
Going to the door of the principal hut, he knocked, and upon entering showed the owner--who opened the door--a rosette of peculiar beads, and repeated the name of Father Anselm.
Going to the door of the principal hut.
, exulting in his freedom, and in once again possessing arms to defend himself should it be needed.
Exulting in his freedom, and in once again possessing arms to defend himself should it be needed.
Cuthbert, retiring to his tent with the Earl of Evesham, inquired of him what had taken place during his absence.
Retiring to his tent with the Earl of Evesham.
Rushing in with axe and pike, they were astonished to find the place empty.
Rushing in with axe and pike.
Looking from the window they saw a large party of rough men, whose appearance at once betokened that they were disbanded soldiers--a title almost synonymous in those days with that of robber.
Looking from the window they saw a large party of rough men, whose appearance at once betokened that they were disbanded soldiers--a title almost synonymous in those days with that of robber.
Looking from the window they saw a large party of rough men, whose appearance at once betokened that they were disbanded soldiers--a title almost synonymous in those days with that of robber.ed from the alcove and placed against the door.
Looking from the window they saw a large party of rough men, whose appearance at once betokened that they were disbanded soldiers--a title almost synonymous in those days with that of robber.ed from the alcove and placed against the door.
The noble charger which the King of Saxony had presented to Cuthbert, had suffered greatly, and he feared at one time, that the poor animal would succumb to the effects of the tempest.
King of Saxony had presented to Cuthbert.
Cnut and the outlaws, burning with indignation, were ready to attempt anything.
Burning with indignation.
Then the warder, seeing that it contained faggots, lowered the drawbridge without question, raised the portcullis, and opened the gates.
Seeing that it contained faggots.
Foaming with rage, Sir Rudolph took possession of a cottage near, camped his men around and prepared for a siege.
Foaming with rage.
Arriving at Vienna they lingered for some time, hoping there to be able to obtain some information of the whereabouts of King Richard.
Arriving at Vienna they lingered for some time, hoping there to be able to obtain some information of the whereabouts of King Richard.
Hearing that Longchamp, Bishop of Ely, one of Richard's vicegerents, was over in Normandy, and rightly deeming him the most earnest of his adherents, they at once recrossed the sea, and found the warlike prelate at Rouen.
Hearing that Longchamp.
Dissentient the King of England was acquitted of all the charges brought against him.
King of England was acquitted of all the charges brought against him.
Title: Under the Waves Diving in Deep Waters.
Diving in Deep Waters.
In this outer collar were twelve holes, corresponding to twelve screws round the edge of the breast-plate.
Corresponding to twelve screws round the edge of the breast-plate.
In this outer collar were twelve holes, corresponding to twelve screws round the edge of the breast-plate.te-band, in four pieces, was placed over them and screwed tight by means of nuts--thus rendering the connection between the dress and the breast-plate perfectly water-tight.
Corresponding to twelve screws round the edge of the breast-plate.te-band, in four pieces.
Still Baldwin shook his head, remarking that the Seagull was full 900 tons.
Remarking that the Seagull was full 900 tons.
Then, passing along the starboard side, he proceeded in his inspection until he reached a point which he judged to be nearly amidships.
Passing along the starboard side.
Walking across it slowly, and with some difficulty, owing to the broken spars and cordage with which it was encumbered, he passed over the port bulwarks and lowered himself again to the bottom.
Walking across it slowly, and with some difficulty, owing to the broken spars and cordage with which it was encumbered.
Returning to the deck he went down into the hold.
Returning to the deck he went down into the hold.
According to this law the remuneration was in proportion to the depth from which it was brought up, and the risk incurred.
According to this law the remuneration was in proportion to the depth from which it was brought up, and the risk incurred.
According to this law the remuneration was in proportion to the depth from which it was brought up, and the risk incurred.reme and dangerous depth, it is probable that they did their work in the natural way without the aid of apparatus.
According to this law the remuneration was in proportion to the depth from which it was brought up, and the risk incurred.reme and dangerous depth.
Seeing that the captain was not disposed to be communicative, the semi-nautical passenger retired to persecute and terrify some of the ladies with his surmises.
Seeing that the captain was not disposed to be communicative, the semi-nautical passenger retired to persecute and terrify some of the ladies with his surmises.
Seeing that the captain was not disposed to be communicative, the semi-nautical passenger retired to persecute and terrify some of the ladies with his surmises., and the pumps were set to work.
Seeing that the captain was not disposed to be communicative, the semi-nautical passenger retired to persecute and terrify some of the ladies with his surmises., and the pumps were set to work.
Among the latter was Edgar Berrington, who, standing at his accustomed post down in his own iron depths, pondered the events of the evening while he watched the motions of the great crank and listened to the grinding of the screw.
Standing at his accustomed post down in his own iron depths.
That same night, lying in her berth, which was a top one, and looking languidly over the side at her friend, who lay in the berth below looking sympathetically up, she revealed her hopes and fears and sentiments, to the edification, (it is to be hoped) of a mean-spirited passenger in the saloon, who stood on the other side of the very thin partition, and tried to overhear.
Lying in her berth, which was a top one, and looking languidly over the side at her friend, who lay in the berth below looking sympathetically up.
Standing in his accustomed place on the iron floor of the iron chamber, Edgar Berrington watched the grinding of the great crank, and pondered.
Standing in his accustomed place on the iron floor of the iron chamber.
Owing to its position and the dipping of the life-buoy with its burden, the cable formed a pretty steep slope from the shore.
Owing to its position and the dipping of the life-buoy with its burden, the cable formed a pretty steep slope from the shore.
Turning from the sad spectacle, they descended into the cabin and made their way towards the place where Berrington knew that the treasure had been stowed.
Turning from the sad spectacle.
Turning from the sad spectacle, they descended into the cabin and made their way towards the place where Berrington knew that the treasure had been stowed.d, with something like a shock of disappointment, that the stern of the vessel had been burst open, and the contents of the cabin swept out.
Turning from the sad spectacle.
Fortunately for their peace of mind and the success of their labours, our adventurers did not know all this, but, descending to the wreck with heavy soles and light hearts, they proceeded to recover and send up additional bags of gold.
Descending to the wreck with heavy soles and light hearts.
A few minutes more and our divers were safely beyond the chance of capture, making for the mainland under a steady breeze.
Making for the mainland under a steady breeze.
Everything on board was as bright and orderly as if it had been a British man-of-war.
Everything on board was as bright and orderly as if it had been a British man-of-war.
Mr Hazlit sprang into the hut, glaring with excitement, while a stream of blood trickled from a slight wound in his forehead.
Glaring with excitement, while a stream of blood trickled from a slight wound in his forehead.
Mr Hazlit sprang into the hut, glaring with excitement, while a stream of blood trickled from a slight wound in his forehead.
Glaring with excitement, while a stream of blood trickled from a slight wound in his forehead.
Rooney, caressing with much tenderness his injured nose, now sought to return to his friends, but the more he tried to do so, the farther he appeared to wander away from them.
Caressing with much tenderness his injured nose.
Nothing with life was visible.
Nothing with life was visible.
Hearing that a gun-boat was in pursuit of him, he determined to change his rendezvous for the time.
Hearing that a gun-boat was in pursuit of him.
Mr Hazlit's limbs were also shaky, and his face cadaverous, showing that his temporary aberration of reason had told upon him.
Showing that his temporary aberration of reason had told upon him.
Rainbow,--belonging to Sir James Brooke, K.C.B., Rajah of Sarawak,--in which he had six years' experience of pirate-hunting in the eastern seas, and now captain of one of Donald Currie and Company's magnificent line of Cape steamers.
Rainbow,--belonging to Sir James Brooke.
Grinning from ear to ear, and with almost closed eyes, the Chinese servitors obeyed.
Grinning from ear to ear, and with almost closed eyes, the Chinese servitors obeyed.
Allowing as many minutes to elapse as she thought would have sufficed for her ascent from the kitchen, she once more opened the door.
Allowing as many minutes to elapse as she thought would have sufficed for her ascent from the kitchen.
Allowing as many minutes to elapse as she thought would have sufficed for her ascent from the kitchen, she once more opened the door.utable man--and she was about to shut the door in his face, with that summary politeness so well understood by servant girls, when a thought struck her.
Allowing as many minutes to elapse as she thought would have sufficed for her ascent from the kitchen.
Being in command, he was mounted for the first time during the campaign.
Being in command.
It is only natural that a Lechmere should serve a Mallett, seeing that our fathers have been your fathers' tenants for hundreds of years, so that even if all this had not happened we should not have minded.
Seeing that our fathers have been your fathers' tenants for hundreds of years, so that even if all this had not happened we should not have minded.
I should be his servant, saying that as the son of an old tenant, he would rather have me than anyone else.
Saying that as the son of an old tenant.
Here was I, believing that Mr. Carthew, whom I met everywhere in society, was, except that he kept race horses and bet heavily, as good as other men.
Believing that Mr. Carthew, whom I met everywhere in society.
As they went down to their cabin, Bertha, looking into the saloon, saw George Lechmere preparing the tea tray to bring it up on deck.
Looking into the saloon.
Being about our own size, and heavily sparred for a schooner, I was rather curious to know if I had beaten her.
Being about our own size, and heavily sparred for a schooner.
Going through the islands, one by one, Dominique made a cross against all that possessed harbours or inlets, that would each have to be examined.
Going through the islands, one by one.
Nothing for half of dem to do.
Nothing for half of dem to do.
Touching at every village and exploring every inlet, Frank continued his course until, after rounding the bold promontory of La Beata, he reached the bay at the head of which stands Jaquemel.
Touching at every village and exploring every inlet.
Looking at it at present, the two most likely spots for him to make his headquarters are in that very sheltered inlet behind the point of Halle on the north side, or in the equally sheltered bay and inlet under the Bec de Marsouin on the south.
Looking at it at present, the two most likely spots for him to make his headquarters are in that very sheltered inlet behind the point of Halle on the north side, or in the equally sheltered bay and inlet under the Bec de Marsouin on the south.
Looking at it at present, the two most likely spots for him to make his headquarters are in that very sheltered inlet behind the point of Halle on the north side, or in the equally sheltered bay and inlet under the Bec de Marsouin on the south.ee him coming out of either of them.
Looking at it at present, the two most likely spots for him to make his headquarters are in that very sheltered inlet behind the point of Halle on the north side, or in the equally sheltered bay and inlet under the Bec de Marsouin on the south.ee him coming out of either of them.
Drinking off the lime juice, Frank at once followed Lechmere on deck, and after a word or two with Purvis hurried forward.
Drinking off the lime juice.
Your letter from Gibraltar was a great relief, and of course the next, saying that you had heard that the yacht really did touch at Madeira, showed that you were on the right track.
Saying that you had heard that the yacht really did touch at Madeira.
Towards the end of February, Lady Greendale and Bertha went up to town for a fortnight, intimating to Frank that they would be so busy with important business that his presence there would not be desired.
Intimating to Frank that they would be so busy with important business that his presence there would not be desired.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.s no text version because much of the material uses specialized characters that have no ASCI equivalent.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.s no text version because much of the material uses specialized characters that have no ASCI equivalent.
The gardener, being near, heard what Frank said, and kindly invited him and his mother to come into the garden. 4.
Being near.
Finding that she might as well be without it, she resolved that when she heard the sound she would jump up.
Finding that she might as well be without it.
After all, it was fun, pressing on one after another-- jumping, laughing, running on to the broad, shining sands.
Pressing on one after another-- jumping, laughing, running on to the broad, shining sands.
Waiting without stood sparrow and crow, Cooling their feet in the melting snow. 158 ECLECTIC SERIES.
Waiting without stood sparrow and crow.
Trembling from head to foot, he obeyed.
Trembling from head to foot.
Lecturing at St. Joseph, 1858, on Col. Scott's Invitation--Westport and the John Brown raid, 1859--St.
Lecturing at St. Joseph, 1858, on Col. Scott's Invitation--Westport and the John Brown raid, 1859--St.
Women Voting under.
Voting under.
The New York Tribune--National Woman's Rights Conventions in New York City, 1856, '58, '59, '60--Status of the Woman's Rights Movement at the Opening of the War, 1861 472 CHAPTER XV. WOMAN, CHURCH, AND STATE.
Opening of the War, 1861 472 CHAPTER XV. WOMAN.
But political rights, involving in their last results equality everywhere, roused all the antagonism of a dominant power, against the self-assertion of a class hitherto subservient.
Involving in their last results equality everywhere.
The Church, too, took alarm, knowing that with the freedom and education acquired in becoming a component part of the Government, woman would not only outgrow the power of the priesthood, and religious superstitions, but would also invade the pulpit, interpret the Bible anew from her own stand-point, and claim an equal voice in all ecclesiastical councils.
Knowing that with the freedom and education acquired in becoming a component part of the Government.
The Church, too, took alarm, knowing that with the freedom and education acquired in becoming a component part of the Government, woman would not only outgrow the power of the priesthood, and religious superstitions, but would also invade the pulpit, interpret the Bible anew from her own stand-point, and claim an equal voice in all ecclesiastical councils.th fierce warnings and denunciations from the pulpit, and false interpretations of Scripture, women have been intimidated and misled, and their religious feelings have been played upon for their more complete subjugation.
Knowing that with the freedom and education acquired in becoming a component part of the Government.
Conceding to woman wisdom and goodness, as they are not strictly masculine virtues, and substituting moral power for physical force, we have the necessary elements of government for most of life's emergencies.
Conceding to woman wisdom and goodness, as they are not strictly masculine virtues, and substituting moral power for physical force.
These discussions took wide range, touching upon the entrance of men into those industries usually assigned to women, and demanding for themselves higher educational advantages, and the right to vote at elections, and to be returned members of Parliament.
Touching upon the entrance of men into those industries usually assigned to women, and demanding for themselves higher educational advantages, and the right to vote at elections, and to be returned members of Parliament.
Passing by other similar instances, we find in the reign of Henry III, that four women took seats in Parliament, and in the reign of Edward I. ten ladies were called to Parliament, while in the thirteenth century, Queen Elinor became keeper of the Great Seal, sitting as Lord Chancellor in the Aula Regia.
Passing by other similar instances.
Combe and Spurzheim, proving by their Phrenological discoveries that the feelings, sentiments, and affections of the soul mould and shape the skull, gave new importance to woman's thought as mother of the race.
Proving by their Phrenological discoveries that the feelings.
Combe and Spurzheim, proving by their Phrenological discoveries that the feelings, sentiments, and affections of the soul mould and shape the skull, gave new importance to woman's thought as mother of the race.world freighted with new hopes of liberty for woman.
Proving by their Phrenological discoveries that the feelings.
Phillips' reply was brief, consisting of the correction of a few mistakes made by different speakers.
Consisting of the correction of a few mistakes made by different speakers.
These four ladies, sitting round the tea-table of Richard Hunt, a prominent Friend near Waterloo, decided to put their long-talked-of resolution into action, and before the twilight deepened into night, the call was written, and sent to the Seneca County Courier.
Sitting round the tea-table of Richard Hunt, a prominent Friend near Waterloo.
Standing as we do upon the watch-tower of human freedom, we can not be deterred from an expression of our approbation of any movement, however humble, to improve and elevate the character of any members of the human family.
Standing as we do upon the watch-tower of human freedom.
Those who took part in the Convention at Seneca Falls, finding at the end of the two days, there were still so many new points for discussion, and that the gift of tongues had been vouchsafed to them, adjourned, to meet in Rochester in two weeks.
Finding at the end of the two days, there were still so many new points for discussion, and that the gift of tongues had been vouchsafed to them.
Potoski, being from Poland and a Jewess, was subject to this disability.
Being from Poland and a Jewess.
Inquiring into the case, Mlle.
Inquiring into the case.
Mrs. Rose, sitting in the gallery, called the reverend gentleman to order for violating the sense of the audience, in entirely overlooking the important object which had called the people together, and indulging in a violent clerical harangue against a class whom he stigmatized as infidels.
Sitting in the gallery.
Returning to New York in 1874, I was present at the Convention in Irving Hall, the only one held during my visit to America.
Returning to New York in 1874.
Feeling that the subjects proposed for discussion are vitally important to the interests of humanity, we unite in most earnestly inviting every one who sincerely desires the progress of true reform to be present at the Convention.
Feeling that the subjects proposed for discussion are vitally important to the interests of humanity.
Let us flood the Constitutional Convention with memorials and addresses, trusting to truth and a righteous cause for the success of our efforts.
Trusting to truth and a righteous cause for the success of our efforts.
In the winter of 1852-53, there was great excitement on the Temperance question in this country, originating in Maine and spreading West.
Originating in Maine and spreading West.
Hoping that your Convention may result in the opening of many eyes, and the elevation of many minds from light to graver themes, I remain yours, HORACE GREELEY.
Hoping that your Convention may result in the opening of many eyes, and the elevation of many minds from light to graver themes.
Departing from the statute, that is, suffering her property to be exchanged, the provision is thus: (Here follows the common law, taken from the petition).
Departing from the statute, that is, suffering her property to be exchanged, the provision is thus: (Here follows the common law, taken from the petition).
That bench of Bishops, sitting in the House of Lords, receiving its very warrant to act politically, from the hands of a woman, listening to a speech from a woman on the throne, endorses every day the doctrine that a woman may engage in politics.
Sitting in the House of Lords, receiving its very warrant to act politically, from the hands of a woman, listening to a speech from a woman on the throne.
Are the former good Samaritans, pouring into my wounded heart the oil and the wine?
Pouring into my wounded heart the oil and the wine?
As the fruit of her labor, many thousands of names, pleading for equality, have been presented to the General Assembly, which labor has been continued to the present time.
Pleading for equality.
Lecturing at St. Joseph, 1858, on Col. Scott's invitation--Westport and the John Brown raid, 1859--St.
Lecturing at St. Joseph, 1858, on Col. Scott's invitation--Westport and the John Brown raid, 1859--St.
, sitting behind the closed shutters of an open window, I heard outside a debate between Republicans and Democrats.
Sitting behind the closed shutters of an open window.
Voting under the Colonial Charter--.
Voting under the Colonial Charter--.
No one will pretend that all these interests, embracing as they do all that is not merely animal in a human life, are rightly understood, or justly provided for in the existing social order.
Embracing as they do all that is not merely animal in a human life.
It supply the wants of her children to tell them that, owing to the superiority of man she had no redress by law, and that as her being was merged in his, so also ought theirs to be?
Owing to the superiority of man she had no redress by law, and that as her being was merged in his.
According to a late act, the wife has a right to the property she brings at marriage, or receives in any way after marriage.
According to a late act, the wife has a right to the property she brings at marriage, or receives in any way after marriage.
Glancing over the bound volumes, one may glean much valuable information of what was said and done during that period.
Glancing over the bound volumes.
Glancing over the bound volumes, one may glean much valuable information of what was said and done during that period.usband, the Conservative candidate.
Glancing over the bound volumes.
Elizabeth Oakes Smith, writing in.
Writing in.
Returning to Worcester, I attended the Anti-Slavery Bazaar.
Returning to Worcester.
Looking at it as a matter of pure right and pure science.
Looking at it as a matter of pure right and pure science.
Looking at it as a matter of expediency, see some facts.
Looking at it as a matter of expediency, see some facts.
Looking at it as a matter of expediency, see some facts.
Looking at it as a matter of expediency, see some facts.
It is a church without woman, believing in a male and jealous God, and rejoicing in a boundless, endless hell!
Believing in a male and jealous God, and rejoicing in a boundless.
Hearing that my friend had returned from Europe too ill to leave her room, I hastened to her charming home in the suburbs of Providence, Rhode Island.
Hearing that my friend had returned from Europe too ill to leave her room.
All this is very meagre, which I the more regret, sympathizing as.
Sympathizing as.
Yet this idea, revolting as it is, is carried out in all its unmitigated rigor, by the statute to which I have just referred.
Revolting as it is.
Yet this idea, revolting as it is, is carried out in all its unmitigated rigor, by the statute to which I have just referred.tate rarely becomes entitled to more than fifty.
Revolting as it is.
Knowing that progress is the law of life, she has full faith that the moral world, though moving slowly, is still moving in the right direction.
Knowing that progress is the law of life.
As assistant physician in hospitals, looking after the sick and wounded, and in sanitary work at home, she manifested as much patriotism as any man did on the battle-field.
Looking after the sick and wounded, and in sanitary work at home.
It is a grand theory, opening as it does to every human being the boundless plains of progress which stretch out to the foot of the eternal throne, and implying as it does such noble powers in humanity, and such noble conditions and uses for those powers.
Opening as it does to every human being the boundless plains of progress which stretch out to the foot of the eternal throne, and implying as it does such noble powers in humanity, and such noble conditions and uses for those powers.
In 1680, Charles II., King of England, granted to William Penn a tract of land in consideration of the claims of his father, Admiral Penn, which he named Pennsylvania.
King of England.
These virtues, differing as they may in degree in man and woman, are of the same nature, and call forth our admiration wherever manifested.
Differing as they may in degree in man and woman.
Resolved,ing to the cause.
Resolved,ing to the cause.
Let us remember that behind the chief actors in these Conventions, there stands in each State, a group of women of stern moral principle, large experience, refinement and cultivation, filling with honor the more private walks of life, who, by their sympathy, hospitality, and generous contributions, are the great sources of support and inspiration to those on the platform, who represent the ideas they hold sacred, whose tongues and pens proclaim their thoughts.
Filling with honor the more private walks of life, who, by their sympathy.
Let us remember that behind the chief actors in these Conventions, there stands in each State, a group of women of stern moral principle, large experience, refinement and cultivation, filling with honor the more private walks of life, who, by their sympathy, hospitality, and generous contributions, are the great sources of support and inspiration to those on the platform, who represent the ideas they hold sacred, whose tongues and pens proclaim their thoughts.ndenhall, Sarah Pierce, Elizabeth and Sarah Miller, and Ruth Dugdale.
Filling with honor the more private walks of life, who, by their sympathy.
Scholars, living in Georgia, to express thanks for the benefits which her instructions had been to her.
Living in Georgia, to express thanks for the benefits which her instructions had been to her.
I well remember, evening after evening, listening to eloquence such as never then had been heard from a woman.
Evening after evening, listening to eloquence such as never then had been heard from a woman.
I well remember, evening after evening, listening to eloquence such as never then had been heard from a woman.ely, intellectual and moral struggle from which she came out conqueror, had ripened her power, and her wondrous faculty of laying bare her own heart to reach the hearts of others, shone forth till she carried us all captive.
Evening after evening, listening to eloquence such as never then had been heard from a woman.ely.
Dove in the tempest, as she battles with the storm, seeking for some place to rest her foot.
Seeking for some place to rest her foot.
In her eighteenth year, Lucretia Coffin and James Mott, according to Quaker ceremony, became husband and wife, the result of an attachment formed at boarding-school, which proved to be an exceptionally happy union, and through their long wedded life, of over half a century, they remained ever loyal to one another.
According to Quaker ceremony.
Learning while at school that the charge for the education of girls was the same as that for boys, and that when they became teachers women received but half as much as men for their services, the injustice of this was so apparent, that I early resolved to claim for my sex all that an impartial Creator has bestowed.
Learning while at school that the charge for the education of girls was the same as that for boys, and that when they became teachers women received but half as much as men for their services, the injustice of this was so apparent, that I early resolved to claim for my sex all that an impartial Creator has bestowed.
The various associations and communities, tending to greater equality of condition, have had from me a hearty God-speed.
Tending to greater equality of condition.
Visiting in many Quaker families during our travels in England, I was amazed to hear Mrs. Mott spoken of as a most dangerous woman.
Visiting in many Quaker families during our travels in England.
Sitting in the World's Convention one day after half the world had been voted out, when Joseph Sturge, a wealthy Quaker, occupied the chair, I suggested to Mrs. Mott a dangerous contingency.
Sitting in the World's Convention one day after half the world had been voted out, when Joseph Sturge, a wealthy Quaker, occupied the chair.
Returning from England in 1840, in a merchant vessel, a large number of Irish emigrants were on board in the steerage.
Returning from England in 1840, in a merchant vessel, a large number of Irish emigrants were on board in the steerage.
Martineau, who was an invalid, staying at Tynemouth, for the benefit of sea air.
Staying at Tynemouth, for the benefit of sea air.
The great practical mischief, however, resulting from their admission under our present form of government, is that the towns and populous villages gain an unfair advantage over the country, by the greater facility they enjoy over the latter in drawing out their women to the elections.
Resulting from their admission under our present form of government.
The great practical mischief, however, resulting from their admission under our present form of government, is that the towns and populous villages gain an unfair advantage over the country, by the greater facility they enjoy over the latter in drawing out their women to the elections.ortant election contests have been terminated at last by these auxiliaries in favor of candidates supported by town interests.
Resulting from their admission under our present form of government.
The New York Tribune--National Woman's Rights Conventions in New York City, 1856, '58, '59, '60--Status of the Woman's Rights Movement at the Opening of the War, 1861.
Opening of the War, 1861.
Coming like whirlwinds of vengeance, drunkards and rum-sellers stood paralyzed before them.
Coming like whirlwinds of vengeance.
Her lectures on Hygiene and Physiology through the State, illustrating as she did the effect of alcohol on the system, and pointing out to mothers what they could do to promote the health of their children, and thus ensure temperance and morality, were most effective in their bearings on this question.
Illustrating as she did the effect of alcohol on the system, and pointing out to mothers what they could do to promote the health of their children, and thus ensure temperance and morality.
Mr. Pierce's administration, beginning in 1853, was a period of great political overturning.
Beginning in 1853.
This committee, consisting of Rev. John Chambers, of Philadelphia, Hon.
Consisting of Rev. John Chambers, of Philadelphia.
This committee, consisting of Rev. John Chambers, of Philadelphia, Hon.intended to include female delegates, and custom had not sanctioned the public action of women in similar situations, the credentials of the ladies should be rejected.
Consisting of Rev. John Chambers, of Philadelphia.
Channing because it is a noble defence of woman and a part of the history of the movement.
Channing because it is a noble defence of woman and a part of the history of the movement.
Speaking of the Whole World's Convention, he said: New York Tribune, September 3, 1853.
Speaking of the Whole World's Convention.
It is worthy of remark that Pandora, who is the Eve of the Grecian system, being like her Hebrew correspondent, created for special purposes, was the joint work of all the gods.
Being like her Hebrew correspondent.
I hie me home, knowing that I shall there find personal solicitude and anxiety.
Knowing that I shall there find personal solicitude and anxiety.
Broader than the Empire State--broader than our national domains--wide as the whole world, weighing on the entire human race.
Weighing on the entire human race.
No other of the day, believing that out of this central agitation of society will come healthful issues of life.
Believing that out of this central agitation of society will come healthful issues of life.
(Evening of the first day, Mrs. Rose speaking).
Evening of the first day.
My husband would have me advocate the claims I do, therefore by the logic of our cause my husband wishes me to vote, and, according to the Scripture, the gentleman must, even in his own reasoning, allow me the right to vote.
According to the Scripture, the gentleman must.
Going into the Assessor's office, I saw a tall, thin, weak, stupid-looking Irish boy.
Going into the Assessor's office.
Mrs. Rose was the sole speaker, owing to the necessity which had called the others away....
Owing to the necessity which had called the others away....
Hoping that you will acede to my (I think) just claim to give this a place in your paper,.
Hoping that you will acede to my (I think) just claim to give this a place in your paper,.
Lucy Stone, whom the papers now call Mrs. Blackwell, arriving in the midst of the convention, was greeted with long and repeated cheers, and spoke with her wonted simplicity and earnestness.
Arriving in the midst of the convention.
Mr. Foote was at one time a member of the bar of New York, associating with some of the first families in the State--a son, a husband, a father--and yet in his maturer years he had so little respect for himself, his mother, wife, and daughters as to present in a dignified legislative assembly the following report on a grave question of human rights--a piece of buffoonery worthy only a mountebank in a circus: LEGISLATIVE REPORT ON WOMEN'S RIGHTS.
Associating with some of the first families in the State--a son, a husband, a father--and yet in his maturer years he had so little respect for himself.
According to the gentleman's idea of natural laws, therefore, it was not natural that two and two should make four.
According to the gentleman's idea of natural laws, therefore.
For physical and mental improvement of man's condition, according to his birthright and educational capacity, there must be, in America, more Marys, the mothers of Washingtons.
According to his birthright and educational capacity, there must be, in America, more Marys, the mothers of Washingtons.
He knew an orthodox church, consisting of twelve members.
Consisting of twelve members.
There are a few people we now and then meet who, like Jeremy Bentham, scout the idea of natural rights in civilization, and pronounce them mere metaphors, declaring that there are no rights aside from those the law confers.
Declaring that there are no rights aside from those the law confers.
Nothing but an internal consciousness of power to perform certain work, and that it will be for her own good, can aid her in her choice.
Nothing but an internal consciousness of power to perform certain work, and that it will be for her own good, can aid her in her choice.
Nothing but an internal consciousness of power to perform certain work, and that it will be for her own good, can aid her in her choice.en.
Nothing but an internal consciousness of power to perform certain work, and that it will be for her own good, can aid her in her choice.en.
It is the highest duty of all to seek those conditions in life, those surroundings, which may develop what is noblest and best, remembering that the lessons of these passing hours are not for time alone, but for the ages of eternity.
Remembering that the lessons of these passing hours are not for time alone, but for the ages of eternity.
What father could rest at his home by night, knowing that his lovely daughter was at the mercy of a strong man drunk with wine and passion, and that, do what he might, he was backed up by law and public sentiment?
Knowing that his lovely daughter was at the mercy of a strong man drunk with wine and passion, and that.
What father could rest at his home by night, knowing that his lovely daughter was at the mercy of a strong man drunk with wine and passion, and that, do what he might, he was backed up by law and public sentiment?iages of force and endurance.
Knowing that his lovely daughter was at the mercy of a strong man drunk with wine and passion, and that.
It is folly to make laws on subjects beyond human prerogative, knowing that in the very nature of things they must be set aside.
Knowing that in the very nature of things they must be set aside.
For you we gladly pour out our heart's blood and die, knowing that from our suffering comes forth a new and more glorious resurrection of thought and life.
Knowing that from our suffering comes forth a new and more glorious resurrection of thought and life.
According to Mr. Greeley's definition, viz.
According to Mr. Greeley's definition, viz.
According to Mr. Greeley's definition, viz.
According to Mr. Greeley's definition, viz.
Intemperance, for instance, burdens a wife worse than a husband, owing to the present state of society.
Owing to the present state of society.
The interest in the question was intense at this time, owing to several very aggravated cases among leading families, both in this country and England.
Owing to several very aggravated cases among leading families, both in this country and England.
But how comes it that the author of the bill of 1860, residing at the capital, never heard of its repeal?
Residing at the capital.
Trusting that you will forgive the length of this epistle,.
Trusting that you will forgive the length of this epistle,.
When the time came to vote, according to arrangement, my mother headed the line marching up to the altar, where stood the deacon, hat in hand, to receive the ballots.
According to arrangement.
Living in Albany, she planned conventions and hearings before the Legislature.
Living in Albany.
Living in Albany, she planned conventions and hearings before the Legislature.
Living in Albany.
Everything about the house was clean and orderly, and the table always bountiful, and the food appetizing.
Everything about the house was clean and orderly, and the table always bountiful, and the food appetizing.
The Council of Orleans, A.D. 511, consisting of twenty-six bishops and priests, promulgated a canon declaring that on account of their frailty, women must be excluded from the deaconship.
Consisting of twenty-six bishops and priests.
A Council of A.D. 347, consisting of twenty-one bishops, forbade the ordination of those priests who had been twice married, or who had married a widow.
Consisting of twenty-one bishops.
Christine of Pisa, the first strictly literary woman of Western Europe, took up her pen in defense of her sex against the general libidinous spirit of the age, writing in opposition to Meung.
Writing in opposition to Meung.
They are patient drudges, staggering over the bogs with heavy creels of turf on their backs, or climbing the slopes from the seashore, laden like beasts of burden with the heavy sand-dripping seaweed, or undertaking long journeys on foot into the market towns, bearing weighty hampers of farm produce.
Staggering over the bogs with heavy creels of turf on their backs, or climbing the slopes from the seashore.
She was a heathen city, outside of that light which, coming into the world, is held to enlighten every man that accepts it.
Coming into the world.
Desiring that your discussions may be guided by that spirit which has heretofore characterized them, we remain your friends, WM.
Desiring that your discussions may be guided by that spirit which has heretofore characterized them.
Owing to this practice, the Bible is, this day, a hindrance rather than a help to civilization.
Owing to this practice, the Bible is, this day, a hindrance rather than a help to civilization.
Why proclaim our sex on the house-tops, seeing that it is a badge of degradation, and deprives us of so many rights and privileges wherever we go?
Seeing that it is a badge of degradation, and deprives us of so many rights and privileges wherever we go?
Yours of March 22d, asking of me words of counsel and encouragement for the friends of temperance, who are to meet at Rochester on the 20th inst., is before me.
Asking of me words of counsel and encouragement for the friends of temperance, who are to meet at Rochester on the 20th inst.
There is a strong force, ever in the field of battle, struggling for truth and right with earnest heart and firm resolve.
Struggling for truth and right with earnest heart and firm resolve.
I leave the subject here, praying that God may bless your deliberations, and guide you into all truth.
Praying that God may bless your deliberations, and guide you into all truth.
Next day another stormy scene, arising from the same cause, was enacted.
Arising from the same cause.
We purpose again this winter to send petitions to our State Legislature--one, asking for the Just and Equal Rights of Woman, and one for Woman's Right of Suffrage.
Asking for the Just and Equal Rights of Woman, and one for Woman's Right of Suffrage.
Looking from the misery of the present down the gloom of the future, she could see only widowhood and penury.
Looking from the misery of the present down the gloom of the future.
Government is, therefore, kind and parental, and my pupils are often homesick in vacation, longing for the time to come when they can return to their studies at Smith Institute.
Longing for the time to come when they can return to their studies at Smith Institute.
There comes Master Guy, returning from his ride.
Returning from his ride.
You appear to think you are on the playground, judging by your hasty motions.
Judging by your hasty motions.
Smithville was accessible by railroad, being on the same line as the town of Plympton in which Roscoe Castle was situated.
Being on the same line as the town of Plympton in which Roscoe Castle was situated.
Assuming by brother's communication to be true, and I think you will not question his word, you have no claim to the name.
Assuming by brother's communication to be true, and I think you will not question his word.
They were of different ages and sizes, ranging from ten to nineteen.
Ranging from ten to nineteen.
Mr. Smith was at his desk, looking over his accounts, and estimating the profits of the half year, when his nephew made his appearance.
Looking over his accounts, and estimating the profits of the half year, when his nephew made his appearance.
He wrote to a boy of his acquaintance, living in New York, who, he had heard, was in want of a private tutor, and recommended Mr. Crabb, in strong terms, for that position.
Living in New York, who.
Hanging on nails were several garments belonging to the inmates of the room.
Hanging on nails were several garments belonging to the inmates of the room.
Hanging on nails were several garments belonging to the inmates of the room.rust the wallet into one of the side pockets.
Hanging on nails were several garments belonging to the inmates of the room.rust the wallet into one of the side pockets.
Yet, searching in the chambers of his memory, Mr. Smith felt sure that he had left the wallet on the bureau.
Searching in the chambers of his memory.
He sprang to his feet, and not only that, but he strode forward, blazing with passion, till he stood before Mr. Smith's desk and confronted him.
Blazing with passion, till he stood before Mr. Smith's desk and confronted him.
There was a little murmur among the pupils, showing that their sympathy was with the boy who had been so causelessly accused by the principal.
Showing that their sympathy was with the boy who had been so causelessly accused by the principal.
Wharton's father wrote to him sharply, saying that thief-taking was a business that had better be left to constables, and that he did not approve of freaks of that kind.
Saying that thief-taking was a business that had better be left to constables, and that he did not approve of freaks of that kind.
Walking to the poop rail, Bob saw that the men were bringing up shot, and putting them in the racks by the guns.
Walking to the poop rail.
It is all nonsense, talking about countrymen.
Talking about countrymen.
Of the siege, knowing that the guns from the Spanish forts, and especially from Fort Saint Philip, could throw their shot and shell into the town.
Knowing that the guns from the Spanish forts, and especially from Fort Saint Philip, could throw their shot and shell into the town.
Going among the cottages scattered over the hill above the town, they had no difficulty in obtaining chickens and fowls--the former at about five pence apiece, the latter at seven pence--such prices being more than double the usual rates.
Going among the cottages scattered over the hill above the town.
I shall leave a note behind me, saying that I am going to make an attempt to get out, and bring back a boat full of oranges and lemons.
Saying that I am going to make an attempt to get out, and bring back a boat full of oranges and lemons.
Going into a fonda--or tavern--he called for breakfast.
Going into a fonda--or tavern--he called for breakfast.
The Spanish sailors were frantic with rage, swearing by all the saints in the calendar.
Swearing by all the saints in the calendar.
Here there was a path, leading in the direction which they wished to follow.
Leading in the direction which they wished to follow.
At the end of the month a great fleet, consisting of upwards of a hundred sail, entered the bay and anchored off Algeciras.
Consisting of upwards of a hundred sail.
Its chief peculiarities were two long poles or spars, which lay along its sides, projecting beyond the bows.
Projecting beyond the bows.
The laboratory was not visible from that point, being at the back of the house.
Being at the back of the house.
Talking of that, smoking was the only thing in which I could not join my future brother-in-law.
Talking of that.
A week later and we were in a dead calm, revelling in warmth, bathed in sunshine, within the straits of Gibraltar.
Revelling in warmth.
Country, conversing with Turks wherever I met them, thus becoming more and more versed in their language, and doing my best, without much success, to improve Lancey in the same.
Conversing with Turks wherever I met them.
Clinging to our frail support we were hurried by the rapid current we knew not whither, for, although the moon was in the sky, it was so covered with black clouds that we could not see whether we were being swept towards the shore or into the middle of the stream.
Clinging to our frail support we were hurried by the rapid current we knew not whither, for, although the moon was in the sky.
At the time, sitting in almost total darkness, I knew nothing more than that we were bound on a torpedo expedition.
Sitting in almost total darkness.
The sentinel, however, seeing that we continued to advance, expressed his disbelief in our friendship by firing at us.
Seeing that we continued to advance.
Then, perceiving that he was able to stagger along unassisted, Lancey pushed hurriedly from his side in the hope of escaping from any of the crew who might reach land, for they were evidently the reverse of friendly.
Perceiving that he was able to stagger along unassisted.
Staggering through them, and nearly sinking at every step, he gradually gained firmer footing.
Staggering through them, and nearly sinking at every step.
Some, rising above sublunary matters, shut their eyes to all around and fix their thoughts on that world with which they may be said to be more immediately connected, namely, the next.
Rising above sublunary matters.
Then, breaking into a benignant smile, he shook hands with the waiter warmly, turned in silence, mounted his horse and rode off after the native cart, which had already started.
Breaking into a benignant smile.
Journeying in silence over a flat marshy country, they arrived about mid-day at a small village, before the principal inn of which stood a number of richly-caparisoned chargers.
Journeying in silence over a flat marshy country.
Coming into a part of the city that appeared to be suburban, his keeper stopped before a building that seemed a cross between a barrack and a bird-cage.
Coming into a part of the city that appeared to be suburban.
Supposing that this was a prelude to an expression of doubt as to his honesty, Lancey did look the Pasha full in the face, and returned his stare with interest.
Supposing that this was a prelude to an expression of doubt as to his honesty.
Hastening to his assistance, I found that he had received a severe flesh wound in the thigh.
Hastening to his assistance.
Proceeding through the marketplace, I observed a little girl crouching in a doorway, her face as pale as if she were dead, her lips perfectly white, and an expression of extreme horror in her eyes.
Proceeding through the marketplace.
Proceeding through the marketplace, I observed a little girl crouching in a doorway, her face as pale as if she were dead, her lips perfectly white, and an expression of extreme horror in her eyes.have passed her, for even in that short sharp walk I had already seen so many faces expressing terror that I had ceased to think of stopping, but I observed a stream of blood on her light-coloured dress.
Proceeding through the marketplace.
Everything in this war has been under-estimated.
Everything in this war has been under-estimated.
Those in rear, supposing that he had come on an ambuscade, followed his example, and, in another moment, Ali Bobo was left alone to his moonlight reflections.
Supposing that he had come on an ambuscade.
Feeling that he had not obtained nearly enough of sleep, our wanderer took an opportunity of slipping into another outhouse, where he climbed into an empty loft.
Feeling that he had not obtained nearly enough of sleep.
Leaping from their saddles, they set about the business without delay.
Leaping from their saddles.
Hastening to the door.
Hastening to the door.
Hurrying out of the house, Lancey picked up a Russian cap and greatcoat as he ran, and put them on, having a vague perception that they might help to prevent his being made prisoner.
Hurrying out of the house.
It is in such places and circumstances that men conceive and execute designs, which, according to their nature, are deeds of recklessness or of heroism.
According to their nature.
Creeping from mound to rock, and bush to knoll, he reached a small clump of bushes, into which he entered for the purpose of resting a few minutes and considering well his future movements.
Creeping from mound to rock, and bush to knoll.
Seeing that his friend was gone, and hearing the clatter of his retreating charger, Corporal Shoveloff put spurs to his steed and followed.
Seeing that his friend was gone, and hearing the clatter of his retreating charger.
Seeing that his friend was gone, and hearing the clatter of his retreating charger, Corporal Shoveloff put spurs to his steed and followed.hich loomed darkly through the fog.
Seeing that his friend was gone, and hearing the clatter of his retreating charger.
It has lungs, consisting of a tank for holding compressed air.
Consisting of a tank for holding compressed air.
Passing from the broad glare of day into the darkened porch, I stumbled over an object on the ground.
Passing from the broad glare of day into the darkened porch.
Many of these latter were scarce recognisable, owing to the fearful sword-cuts on their heads and faces.
Owing to the fearful sword-cuts on their heads and faces.
Meanwhile Nicholas and Dobri Petroff, mounting in the dark hours of morning, rode through the snowstorm--which was gradually abating--in the direction of the bridge over the Vid, while Skobeleff himself proceeded towards the Krishina redoubts, which, it was reported, were being abandoned.
Mounting in the dark hours of morning.
The three murderers drew near, talking in low tones, and seemed about to pass, when one of them stopped.
Talking in low tones, and seemed about to pass, when one of them stopped.
Returning to the village of Venilik at the conclusion of the armistice, the childless couple proceeded to rebuild their ruined home.
Returning to the village of Venilik at the conclusion of the armistice, the childless couple proceeded to rebuild their ruined home.
Looking into my wife's blue eyes is what I call star-gazing, and that is a celestial, not a terrestrial, occupation.
Looking into my wife's blue eyes is what I call star-gazing, and that is a celestial, not a terrestrial.
Till was a wide, sluggish, clayey water, oozing out of fens, and in this part of its course it strained among some score of willow-covered, marshy islets.
Oozing out of fens, and in this part of its course it strained among some score of willow-covered.
He watcheth me the ferry, lying on his bow.
Lying on his bow.
Then came a strange sound, breaking on the quiet.
Breaking on the quiet.
Peering through this, they were struck stiff with terror at their predicament.
Peering through this.
On the other side, pushing through the last fringe of evergreen, they blundered forth again into the open twilight of the grove.
Pushing through the last fringe of evergreen.
Presently, coming to the top of a knoll, they were aware of the leper, some hundred feet in front of them, crossing the line of their march by a hollow.
Coming to the top of a knoll.
And Hatch, turning upon his heel, disappeared again into the windings of the passage.
Turning upon his heel.
Here there was no great difference in size, and though the man, fighting with sword and dagger against a bill, and being wary and quick of fence, had a certain superiority of arms, Dick more than made it up by his greater agility on foot.
Fighting with sword and dagger against a bill, and being wary and quick of fence.
It was Lawless, pointing to a small ship that lay somewhat by itself, and within but a little of the harbour mouth, where it heaved regularly and smoothly on the entering swell.
Pointing to a small ship that lay somewhat by itself, and within but a little of the harbour mouth, where it heaved regularly and smoothly on the entering swell.
Lawless, vacillating on his feet, and still shouting the chorus of sea-ballads, took the long tiller in his hands: and the Good Hope began to flit forward into the darkness of the night, and to face the great waves beyond the harbour bar.
Vacillating on his feet, and still shouting the chorus of sea-ballads.
The Good Hope was, at that moment, trembling on the summit of a swell.
Trembling on the summit of a swell.
Then, treading down the embers of the fire, Dick left the den, and rejoined the old outlaw, who stood awaiting him under the leafless oaks, and was already beginning to be powdered by the falling snow.
Treading down the embers of the fire.
Then, treading down the embers of the fire, Dick left the den, and rejoined the old outlaw, who stood awaiting him under the leafless oaks, and was already beginning to be powdered by the falling snow.ther, and each laughed, so thorough and so droll was the disguise.
Treading down the embers of the fire.
But Dick, blushing like a peony, only kissed her hand.
Blushing like a peony.
But Dick, blushing like a peony, only kissed her hand.ails.
Blushing like a peony.
Instantly Sir Oliver arose from his place, and, gliding behind the stalls, made for the soldiers in the aisle.
Gliding behind the stalls.
First came the bride, a sorry sight, as pale as winter, clinging to Sir Daniel's arm, and attended, as brides-maid, by the short young lady who had befriended Dick the night before.
Clinging to Sir Daniel's arm, and attended, as brides-maid, by the short young lady who had befriended Dick the night before.
Nothing but the armed men at the doors, and the mounted messengers that kept arriving and departing, announced the temporary residence of a great lord.
Nothing but the armed men at the doors, and the mounted messengers that kept arriving and departing, announced the temporary residence of a great lord.
Plainly, profiting by the road, Sir Daniel had begun already to scatter his command.
Profiting by the road.
And then, from the further side of the encampment, there came a little whistle, announcing that his men had joined, and the investment was complete.
Announcing that his men had joined, and the investment was complete.
Charles, feeling that he was on the wrong side, did not vote against the measure, and it was declared to be a unanimous vote.
Feeling that he was on the wrong side.
These garments, owing to the coldness of the weather, were worn over their usual clothes.
Owing to the coldness of the weather.
The dream of half a dozen boats, under command of Commodore Frank Sedley, maneuvering on the water, performing beautiful evolutions, and doing a hundred things which they could not then define, was so pleasant, so fascinating, that they could not easily give it up.
Maneuvering on the water, performing beautiful evolutions, and doing a hundred things which they could not then define.
But the latter was seldom visible, owing to the thickly-clustering fair curls that overhung it.
Owing to the thickly-clustering fair curls that overhung it.
So, crushing down his feelings of mingled fear and anger, he endeavoured to while away the time by watching the boys as they played in the fields before the windows of the school.
Crushing down his feelings of mingled fear and anger.
Mr Jollyboy rose, and, hurrying through the village, tapped at the cottage door, and was soon closeted with Mrs Dorothy Grumbit.
Hurrying through the village.
Owing to the distance, and the few leaves and branches that intervened between them and the hut, they could not observe him very distinctly.
Owing to the distance, and the few leaves and branches that intervened between them and the hut.
Being of an inquisitive disposition.
Being of an inquisitive disposition.
A smart shower began to fall as he spoke, and, percolating through the old root descended rather copiously on the mud floor.
Percolating through the old root descended rather copiously on the mud floor.
Owing to this sudden commencement of the rainy season, the old trader resolved to return to a small village, and there spend several months.
Owing to this sudden commencement of the rainy season, the old trader resolved to return to a small village, and there spend several months.
Vieing with these birds in splendour were several large bright-yellow flowers of the creeping-plants, which twined round the trees.
Vieing with these birds in splendour were several large bright-yellow flowers of the creeping-plants, which twined round the trees.
No sooner did the firm determination to escape or die enter into Martin's heart, than he sprang from his seat, and, falling on his knees, prayed to God, in the name of our Redeemer, for help and guidance.
Falling on his knees.
Seeing that he was a very strong and active fellow, and that he had become remarkably expert in the use of the bow and the blow-pipe, the Indians now permitted Martin to accompany them frequently on their short hunting expeditions, so that he had many opportunities of seeing more of the wonderful animals and plants of the Brazilian forests, in the studying of which he experienced great delight.
Seeing that he was a very strong and active fellow, and that he had become remarkably expert in the use of the bow and the blow-pipe, the Indians now permitted Martin to accompany them frequently on their short hunting expeditions, so that he had many opportunities of seeing more of the wonderful animals and plants of the Brazilian forests, in the studying of which he experienced great delight.
Bounding down the slope, the savage sped like a hunted antelope across the intervening space between the two cliffs, and quickly gained the brow of the lower precipice, which he reached just in time to see Martin Rattler's straw-hat dance for a moment on the troubled waters of the vortex and disappear in the awful abyss.
Bounding down the slope, the savage sped like a hunted antelope across the intervening space between the two cliffs, and quickly gained the brow of the lower precipice, which he reached just in time to see Martin Rattler's straw-hat dance for a moment on the troubled waters of the vortex and disappear in the awful abyss.
Acting upon this supposition, Martin advanced his face slowly towards that of the Indian, put on a dark frown, and stood for a few seconds without uttering a word.
Acting upon this supposition.
Keeping by one of the numerous tracks that radiated from the village into the forest he held on at top speed, until his progress was suddenly arrested by a stream about twenty yards broad.
Keeping by one of the numerous tracks that radiated from the village into the forest he held on at top speed, until his progress was suddenly arrested by a stream about twenty yards broad.
Next day the sun rose on the edge of the campo as it does out of the ocean, streaming across its grassy billows, and tipping the ridges as with ruddy gold.
Streaming across its grassy billows, and tipping the ridges as with ruddy gold.
Seeing that he was in eager pursuit of an animal which he wished to lasso, they followed him quietly and watched his movements.
Seeing that he was in eager pursuit of an animal which he wished to lasso.
Seeing that he was in eager pursuit of an animal which he wished to lasso, they followed him quietly and watched his movements.s head, he threw it adroitly in such a manner that the bull put one of its legs within the coil.
Seeing that he was in eager pursuit of an animal which he wished to lasso.
The King In Ireland.
King In Ireland.
Praying for them is the only thing that can help the poor sowls.
Praying for them is the only thing that can help the poor sowls.
And they make the life here, toiling on the farm from sunrise to sunset, with no object save that of laying by every year more money, seem terribly empty and worthless.
Toiling on the farm from sunrise to sunset, with no object save that of laying by every year more money.
And they make the life here, toiling on the farm from sunrise to sunset, with no object save that of laying by every year more money, seem terribly empty and worthless..
Toiling on the farm from sunrise to sunset, with no object save that of laying by every year more money.
The King In Ireland.
King In Ireland.
Large numbers of men, belonging to the newly raised regiments, wandered among the crowd, and with these were mingled the French uniforms of the Irish troops who had come over with James.
Belonging to the newly raised regiments.
Rosen took no notice of this, and, believing that all was arranged, rode forward with the king and a portion of the army.
Believing that all was arranged.
The infantry, believing that they were deserted by the horse, at once lost heart and fell into confusion.
Believing that they were deserted by the horse, at once lost heart and fell into confusion.
The infantry, believing that they were deserted by the horse, at once lost heart and fell into confusion.
Believing that they were deserted by the horse, at once lost heart and fell into confusion.
Seeing that you were on the side of the besiegers, how could you tell what was passing on the inside of the walls?
Seeing that you were on the side of the besiegers, how could you tell what was passing on the inside of the walls?
It was but a short distance away, and, leaping to his feet, he saw a peasant standing at a distance of two or three hundred yards.
Leaping to his feet.
In the meantime the army was whole and unbroken, marching in perfect order from the field of battle, while its king and commander was doing his best to ruin the cause by spreading dismay and alarm throughout the country.
Marching in perfect order from the field of battle, while its king and commander was doing his best to ruin the cause by spreading dismay and alarm throughout the country.
Lying on the coast to the east of the town of Dublin, and altogether out of the track of the movements of troops, there is little fear of trouble there.
Lying on the coast to the east of the town of Dublin, and altogether out of the track of the movements of troops, there is little fear of trouble there.
Lying on the coast to the east of the town of Dublin, and altogether out of the track of the movements of troops, there is little fear of trouble there.f those savages from Enniskillen or Derry, excite them, there is little fear of the Protestants of that neighbourhood interfering with our people, especially as they have no grounds for complaint in the past.
Lying on the coast to the east of the town of Dublin, and altogether out of the track of the movements of troops, there is little fear of trouble there.f those savages from Enniskillen or Derry, excite them, there is little fear of the Protestants of that neighbourhood interfering with our people, especially as they have no grounds for complaint in the past.
It was a mansion of considerable size, standing in large grounds, for its proprietor was one of the largest landowners in the county of Limerick, his grandfather having been a colonel in one of Cromwell's regiments.
Standing in large grounds, for its proprietor was one of the largest landowners in the county of Limerick.
It was a mansion of considerable size, standing in large grounds, for its proprietor was one of the largest landowners in the county of Limerick, his grandfather having been a colonel in one of Cromwell's regiments.so far as it concerned his house and adjoining grounds.
Standing in large grounds, for its proprietor was one of the largest landowners in the county of Limerick.
But he then, owing to the disturbance of the country, and the fact that the Irish army had retired to Limerick, found it impossible to return home.
Owing to the disturbance of the country, and the fact that the Irish army had retired to Limerick.
Larry gave a cry of joy and, rushing in, threw his arms round him and burst into tears.
Rushing in.
The other divisions of the English army, finding that the grenadiers on the bridge made no progress, did not attempt to perform their part of the work, and finally the whole retreated to their camp.
Finding that the grenadiers on the bridge made no progress.
Advancing before his own regiment, he called upon the soldiers to.
Advancing before his own regiment.
Advancing before his own regiment, he called upon the soldiers tontain their position till assistance arrived.
Advancing before his own regiment.
But, crushing as the defeat of the Irish had been, the victory was far from inspiring William or his army with the confidence they had felt at the outset of the war.
Crushing as the defeat of the Irish had been, the victory was far from inspiring William or his army with the confidence they had felt at the outset of the war.
He therefore wrote a letter to General Hamilton, saying that he regretted to find that he had been acting under a misapprehension, for he had understood that the person claiming to be an Irish officer was in fact a spy, and that he had severely reprimanded Colonel Hanau for his refusal to delay the execution until the fact had been explained to him.
Saying that he regretted to find that he had been acting under a misapprehension, for he had understood that the person claiming to be an Irish officer was in fact a spy, and that he had severely reprimanded Colonel Hanau for his refusal to delay the execution until the fact had been explained to him.
Ginckle, relying upon the moral effect of the blow he had just struck, renewed his negotiations.
Relying upon the moral effect of the blow he had just struck.
The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States.
King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States.
Returning in 1827 with the family and fourteen adventurers, twelve of whom were English, one.
Returning in 1827 with the family and fourteen adventurers, twelve of whom were English, one.
Of course he was on bad terms at once with Ross, who, finding that things were going badly, felt that it would be unfair to hold his people to the agreement which was made when he thought the whole group was his own, so he offered to release them.
Finding that things were going badly.
Nigel, joining in the laugh, as he picked himself up.
Joining in the laugh, as he picked himself up.
A few minutes later the boat, running through a narrow opening among the rocks into a small circular harbour not more than fifty yards in diameter, rested its keel gently on a little bed of pure yellow sand.
Running through a narrow opening among the rocks into a small circular harbour not more than fifty yards in diameter.
Climbing by one or two projecting points, the negro, closely followed by Nigel, reached a narrow ledge and walked along it a short distance.
Climbing by one or two projecting points, the negro, closely followed by Nigel, reached a narrow ledge and walked along it a short distance.
Passing through the entrance, Nigel followed his guide, and the negro let the heavy door shut behind him with a clang that was depressingly suggestive of a prison.
Passing through the entrance.
Passing through the entrance, Nigel followed his guide, and the negro let the heavy door shut behind him with a clang that was depressingly suggestive of a prison.ending his hand, which Nigel mechanically took and pressed, but without very well knowing what he did, for he was almost dumfounded by what he saw, and for some minutes gazed in silence around him.
Passing through the entrance.
Going to the stove he took a coffee-pot therefrom and set it on the table.
Going to the stove he took a coffee-pot therefrom and set it on the table.
Going to the stove he took a coffee-pot therefrom and set it on the table.es, without requiring to be told, opened the oven and brought forth fried fish, meat of some kind, and cakes of he knew not what, but cared little, for their excellence was unquestionable.
Going to the stove he took a coffee-pot therefrom and set it on the table.es, without requiring to be told, opened the oven and brought forth fried fish.
Returning to the cavern they found that the active negro had not only finished his breakfast, but had washed the dishes and cleared up the kitchen, so that he was quite ready to shoulder a wallet and a gun when his master bade him prepare for a day in the forest.
Returning to the cavern they found that the active negro had not only finished his breakfast, but had washed the dishes and cleared up the kitchen, so that he was quite ready to shoulder a wallet and a gun when his master bade him prepare for a day in the forest.
He saw that Van der Kemp, returning to the other end of the cave, sat down beside the lamp, the blaze of which fell full on his fine calm countenance.
Returning to the other end of the cave.
He saw that Van der Kemp, returning to the other end of the cave, sat down beside the lamp, the blaze of which fell full on his fine calm countenance.dge from his gestures, for nothing could be heard where Nigel lay save the monotonous murmur of their voices.
Returning to the other end of the cave.
The one over the very centre of the old crater, showing that we were wrong in supposing it to be extinct: it was only slumbering.
Showing that we were wrong in supposing it to be extinct: it was only slumbering.
Falling behind a little, till the negro came up with him, Nigel tried to obtain information from him, for he felt that he had a sort of right to know at least something about the expedition in which he was about to act a part.
Falling behind a little, till the negro came up with him.
Acting as directed, Nigel unbuckled the roll and found that he was surrounded by a sort of petticoat of oil-skin which could be drawn up and buckled round his chest.
Acting as directed.
Watching for another lull in the blast, the hermit at last gave the order, and round they came as before, head to wind, but not quite so easily, and Nigel felt that they had narrowly escaped overturning in the operation.
Watching for another lull in the blast, the hermit at last gave the order, and round they came as before.
Owing to his tastes and habits he had been dubbed Professor by his friends.
Owing to his tastes and habits he had been dubbed Professor by his friends.
Afterwards, in a conversation with Nigel, the professor, referring to those qualities of the hermit which endeared him to men everywhere, said, with a burst of enthusiasm, which almost outdid himself--.
Referring to those qualities of the hermit which endeared him to men everywhere.
Floating with the current, with as little noise as possible, and having many a narrow escape of running against points of land and sandbanks, they flew swiftly towards the sea, so that dawn found them among the mud flats and the mangrove swamps.
Floating with the current, with as little noise as possible, and having many a narrow escape of running against points of land and sandbanks.
Passing through the coffee grounds the party was soon in the tangled thickets of underwood through which many narrow paths had been cut.
Passing through the coffee grounds the party was soon in the tangled thickets of underwood through which many narrow paths had been cut.
Acting on this broad hint they all rose and scattered in different groups--the professor going off ahead of his party in his eager haste, armed only with a butterfly net.
Acting on this broad hint they all rose and scattered in different groups--the professor going off ahead of his party in his eager haste, armed only with a butterfly net.
Hurrying along the track--not without occasional side-glances at the jungle.
Hurrying along the track--not without occasional side-glances at the jungle.
Hurrying along the track--not without occasional side-glances at the jungle his eyes refused to remain open any longer that he ceased to entertain an admiring circle that night with the details of his face-to-face meeting with a tiger.
Hurrying along the track--not without occasional side-glances at the jungle his eyes refused to remain open any longer that he ceased to entertain an admiring circle that night with the details of his face-to-face meeting with a tiger.
Standing under one he looked up, listened intently for a few seconds, and drew his kriss.
Standing under one he looked up, listened intently for a few seconds, and drew his kriss.
Standing under one he looked up, listened intently for a few seconds, and drew his kriss.he pirate's face as he thrust the long keen weapon swiftly, yet deliberately, between the bamboos.
Standing under one he looked up, listened intently for a few seconds, and drew his kriss.he pirate's face as he thrust the long keen weapon swiftly, yet deliberately, between the bamboos.
Rushing across the grave, it sprang with one tremendous bound right over the high fence, carrying the spear along with it into the jungle beyond.
Rushing across the grave.
Seeing that its comrades were gone in earnest, it became desperate, flung itself frantically into the air with an agonising squeak, missed its mark, went crashing through the slender branches and fell to the ground.
Seeing that its comrades were gone in earnest.
Seeing that its comrades were gone in earnest, it became desperate, flung itself frantically into the air with an agonising squeak, missed its mark, went crashing through the slender branches and fell to the ground.after its friends.
Seeing that its comrades were gone in earnest.
This, communicating with a heap of logs, kindled a sudden blaze which scattered darkness out of being, and converted thirty yards of the primeval forest into a chamber of glorious light, round which the human beings crowded with joy enhanced by the unexpectedness of the event, and before which the wild things of the wilderness fled away.
Communicating with a heap of logs.
Hearing that there were curious hot-water and mud springs not far off, the stranger expressed a desire to visit them.
Hearing that there were curious hot-water and mud springs not far off, the stranger expressed a desire to visit them.
Of all this the hermit took no notice, but, hastening into the inner cavern, opened a small box, and took therefrom a bundle of papers and a little object which, at a first glance, Nigel supposed to be a book, but which turned out to be a photograph case.
Hastening into the inner cavern.
Lying as it did so close to the sea-level, the Krakatoa volcano, having blown away all its cones, and vents, and safety-valves--from Perboewatan southward, except the peak of Rakata--let the sea rush in upon its infernal fires.
Lying as it did so close to the sea-level, the Krakatoa volcano, having blown away all its cones, and vents, and safety-valves--from Perboewatan southward, except the peak of Rakata--let the sea rush in upon its infernal fires.
Owing to the deeper than midnight darkness that prevailed a lamp was burning in the cabin--dimly, as if, infected by the universal chaos, it were unwilling to enlighten the surrounding gloom.
Owing to the deeper than midnight darkness that prevailed a lamp was burning in the cabin--dimly, as if, infected by the universal chaos.
Finding that nothing short of cruelty would unfix his little friend, Moses stuffed him inside the breast of his cotton shirt.
Finding that nothing short of cruelty would unfix his little friend.
And here the effect on the telephone, extending to Ishore, was remarkable.
Extending to Ishore.
Some of them, however, owing to tenacity of material and other causes, might have failed to burst and would remain floating in the upper air as perfect microscopic glass balloons.
Owing to tenacity of material and other causes, might have failed to burst and would remain floating in the upper air as perfect microscopic glass balloons.
Descending to the boat they rowed round the southern shores of Rakata until they reached the little harbour where the boat and canoe had formerly been kept. CHAPTER XXXI.
Descending to the boat they rowed round the southern shores of Rakata until they reached the little harbour where the boat and canoe had formerly been kept. CHAPTER XXXI.
Descending to the boat they rowed round to the face of the great cliff which had been so suddenly laid bare when the Peak of Rakata was cleft from its summit to its foundations in the sea.
Descending to the boat they rowed round to the face of the great cliff which had been so suddenly laid bare when the Peak of Rakata was cleft from its summit to its foundations in the sea.
He studies them deeply, though hopelessly, and when he enters the Sunday-school with his binoculars--which he often does, to listen--a degree of awe settles down on the little ones which it is impossible to evoke by the most solemn appeals to their spiritual natures.t gardener is black--as black as the Ace of Spades or the King of Ashantee.
King of Ashantee.
Does not Spinkie prove it also, when, issuing at call, from its own pagoda in the sunniest corner of the Rakata garden, it forsakes cocoa-nuts, sugar-cane, fruits, and other delights, to lay its little head in joyful consecration on the black bosom of its benignant friend?
Issuing at call, from its own pagoda in the sunniest corner of the Rakata garden.
Thoughts on the Calling of God's Children to be Holy as.
Calling of God's Children to be Holy as.
Thoughts on the Indwelling of the Holy Spirit in the Believer and the Church.
Indwelling of the Holy Spirit in the Believer and the Church.
Daily Thoughts on Coming to Christ.
Coming to Christ.
A Help to the Deepening of the Spiritual Life.
Deepening of the Spiritual Life.
A Scripture Prayer and a Meditation for each Morning in the Mouth.
Morning in the Mouth.
Every Evening in the Month.
Evening in the Month.
A Volume of Family Worship for each Morning of the Year.
Morning of the Year.
At exactly half-past eleven Mr. Fogg would, according to his daily habit, quit Saville Row, and repair to the Reform.
According to his daily habit.
Hearing that Mr. Phileas Fogg was looking for a servant, and that his life was one of unbroken regularity, that he neither travelled nor stayed from home overnight, he felt sure that this would be the place he was after.
Hearing that Mr. Phileas Fogg was looking for a servant, and that his life was one of unbroken regularity, that he neither travelled nor stayed from home overnight.
A keen observer of English customs relates that, being in one of the rooms of the Bank one day, he had the curiosity to examine a gold ingot weighing some seven or eight pounds.
Being in one of the rooms of the Bank one day.
FIX, THE DETECTIVE, BETRAYSe steamer Mongolia, belonging to the Peninsular and Oriental Company, built of iron, of two thousand eight hundred tons burden, and five hundred horse-power, was due at eleven o'clock a.m. on Wednesday, the 9th of October, at Suez.
Belonging to the Peninsular and Oriental Company.
It was thereabouts that Feringhea, the Thuggee chief, king of the stranglers, held his sway.
King of the stranglers.
Returning to the Indian, whose small, sharp eyes, glistening with avarice, betrayed that with him it was only a question of how great a price he could obtain.
Returning to the Indian, whose small.
This line, owing to the capricious turnings of the Vindhia Mountains, did not pursue a straight course.
Owing to the capricious turnings of the Vindhia Mountains.
The conversation, beginning with a few disconnected phrases, soon gave place to loud and steady snores.
Beginning with a few disconnected phrases.
The Ganges, according to the legends of the Ramayana, rises in heaven, whence, owing to Brahma's agency, it descends to the earth.
According to the legends of the Ramayana.
According to his journal, he was due at Calcutta on the 25th of October, and that was the exact date of his actual arrival.
According to his journal.
Owing to the delay caused by the rescue of the young widow, Fix and the priests reached the Indian capital before Mr. Fogg and his servant, the magistrates having been already warned by a dispatch to arrest them should they arrive.
Owing to the delay caused by the rescue of the young widow.
Fix, seeing that he must, at all hazards, be separated from his master, wished to entirely overcome him.
Seeing that he must, at all hazards.
But, knowing that the steamer was not to leave for Yokohama until the next morning, he did not disturb himself about the matter.
Knowing that the steamer was not to leave for Yokohama until the next morning.
Phileas Fogg, with body erect and legs wide apart, standing like a sailor, gazed without staggering at the swelling waters.
Standing like a sailor.
Sea was less boisterous, since the wind came off land--a fortunate circumstance for the boat, which would suffer, owing to its small tonnage, by a heavy surge on the sea.
Owing to its small tonnage, by a heavy surge on the sea.
It was the American steamer, leaving for Yokohama at the appointed time.
Leaving for Yokohama at the appointed time.
That gentleman was a sort of Barnum, the director of a troupe of mountebanks, jugglers, clowns, acrobats, equilibrists, and gymnasts, who, according to the placard, was giving his last performances before leaving the Empire of the Sun for the States of the Union.
According to the placard.
Aouda, leaning upon Mr. Fogg's arm, observed the tumultuous scene with surprise, while Fix asked a man near him what the cause of it all was.
Leaning upon Mr. Fogg's arm.
Aouda, leaning upon Mr. Fogg's arm, observed the tumultuous scene with surprise, while Fix asked a man near him what the cause of it all was.
Leaning upon Mr. Fogg's arm.
A locomotive, running on the rails laid down the evening before, brought the rails to be laid on the morrow, and advanced upon them as fast as they were put in position.
Running on the rails laid down the evening before.
A locomotive, running on the rails laid down the evening before, brought the rails to be laid on the morrow, and advanced upon them as fast as they were put in position.
Running on the rails laid down the evening before.
Aouda, standing near him, looked at him without speaking, and he understood her look.
Standing near him.
Going in ballast.
Going in ballast.
Admitting that he was at this moment taking an express train, he could reach London and the Reform Club by a quarter before nine, p.m.
Admitting that he was at this moment taking an express train.
Knowing that Englishmen governed by a fixed idea sometimes resort to the desperate expedient of suicide,.
Knowing that Englishmen governed by a fixed idea sometimes resort to the desperate expedient of suicide,.
Emerging at the outer end of the tunnel, he stood up, drew the hood of his sealskin coat over his head, shouldered his spear, and went off with huge and rapid strides over the frozen billows of the Arctic Sea.
Emerging at the outer end of the tunnel.
Then, perceiving at once that he had got possession of a key to the affections of the strangers, he offered to shake hands with Leonard and his brother, stooping with regal urbanity to them as he did so.
Perceiving at once that he had got possession of a key to the affections of the strangers.
Then, perceiving at once that he had got possession of a key to the affections of the strangers, he offered to shake hands with Leonard and his brother, stooping with regal urbanity to them as he did so.th Benjy and several of the crew, were approaching.
Perceiving at once that he had got possession of a key to the affections of the strangers.
According to arrangement with the white men they had gone there, as we have said, in charge of the dogs brought by Captain Vane from Upernavik, as these animals, it was thought, stood much in need of exercise.
According to arrangement with the white men they had gone there, as we have said, in charge of the dogs brought by Captain Vane from Upernavik, as these animals.
It rose, according to custom, on its hind legs, and immediately began that slow, but deadly war-dance with which the race is wont to preface an attack, while its upper lip curled in apparent derision, exposing its terrible fangs.
According to custom, on its hind legs, and immediately began that slow, but deadly war-dance with which the race is wont to preface an attack, while its upper lip curled in apparent derision, exposing its terrible fangs.
Running towards the animal with levelled spears, the two men separated on coming close, so that Bruin was forced to a state of indecision as to which enemy he would assail first.
Running towards the animal with levelled spears, the two men separated on coming close, so that Bruin was forced to a state of indecision as to which enemy he would assail first.
These icebergs, extending as they did to the horizon, where they mingled with and were lost in the pearl-grey sky, gave an impression of vast illimitable perspective.
Extending as they did to the horizon, where they mingled with and were lost in the pearl-grey sky.
Descending by a more circuitous route, they soon rejoined the Captain's party, and then, as the night was far advanced, they encamped on the edge of the ice-plain, on a part that was bathed in the beams of the ever-circling sun.
Descending by a more circuitous route.
Travelling along the chain for a considerable time, in the hope of succeeding, they came at last to a succession of comparatively level floes, which conducted them to the extreme northern end of the chain, and there they found that the floes continued onwards in an unbroken plain to what appeared to be the open sea.
Travelling along the chain for a considerable time, in the hope of succeeding.
Travelling along the chain for a considerable time, in the hope of succeeding, they came at last to a succession of comparatively level floes, which conducted them to the extreme northern end of the chain, and there they found that the floes continued onwards in an unbroken plain to what appeared to be the open sea.
Travelling along the chain for a considerable time, in the hope of succeeding.
Descending on the clods of sense like summer rain.
Descending on the clods of sense like summer rain.
Looking in the direction whence it came they saw Chingatok striding over the rocks towards them with unusual haste.
Looking in the direction whence it came they saw Chingatok striding over the rocks towards them with unusual haste.
According to Chingatok's prophecy, on the third day the fagged and weary discoverers surmounted their first difficulty, and came upon comparatively smooth ice, the surface of which resembled hard-trodden snow, and was sufficiently free from obstructing lumps to admit of rapid sledge travelling.
According to Chingatok's prophecy, on the third day the fagged and weary discoverers surmounted their first difficulty, and came upon comparatively smooth ice, the surface of which resembled hard-trodden snow, and was sufficiently free from obstructing lumps to admit of rapid sledge travelling.
He rose, however, without difficulty, and, proceeding with greater caution, soon walked off into deep water.
Proceeding with greater caution.
Then Amalatok, burning with the righteous indignation of the man who did not begin the quarrel, got up a grand muster of his forces, and went with a great fleet of kayaks to attack Grabantak in his strongholds.
Burning with the righteous indignation of the man who did not begin the quarrel.
Leaning over the side of his little craft, he beheld his weapon quivering, as it were, at the bottom, in about eight feet of water.
Leaning over the side of his little craft.
Knowing that it was all but impossible to make his way to the shore through the reeds, he resolved to reach the opposite shore, which was in some places free from vegetation.
Knowing that it was all but impossible to make his way to the shore through the reeds.
Groping about rendered it thicker, and he came to the surface the second time with feelings approaching to despair.
Groping about rendered it thicker, and he came to the surface the second time with feelings approaching to despair.
Feeling that he could not hold out much longer, he resolved to make the next attempt with more care--a resolve, it may be remarked, which it would have been better to have made at first.
Feeling that he could not hold out much longer.
Turning as he spoke, he ran back to the spot where he had left the water-dress, which he immediately put on.
Turning as he spoke.
Although the interpreter, being in a facetious mood, addressed Oblooria in English, she quite understood his significant gestures, and bent to her work with a degree of energy and power quite surprising in one apparently so fragile.
Being in a facetious mood.
Taking from his bundle a gorgeous smoking-cap richly ornamented with brilliant beads, Leo coolly crowned the chief with it.
Taking from his bundle a gorgeous smoking-cap richly ornamented with brilliant beads.
Another moment and Grabantak, bursting through the crowd, leaped towards the crouching girl and raised her face.
Bursting through the crowd.
Nothing like it had occurred in the Polar regions since the world first became a little flattened at the poles!
Nothing like it had occurred in the Polar regions since the world first became a little flattened at the poles!
Nothing like it had occurred in the Polar regions since the world first became a little flattened at the poles!ances occurs.
Nothing like it had occurred in the Polar regions since the world first became a little flattened at the poles!ances occurs.
Well, according to Grabantak, this.
According to Grabantak.
Although most of the people never saw this miserable island--this Puiroe--and know, and care, nothing about it, you'll see that the Flatlanders will be quite enthusiastic after the council, and ready to fight for it to the bitter end.
Nothing about it.
One night, fearing that the sun might injure the boat, Leo had squeezed the air out of it, folded it, and stowed it away in the hut beside the kite.
Fearing that the sun might injure the boat.
On it, now, sliding over its back, while the sharp lance entered its body with the full momentum of the charge,--deep down into its vitals!
Sliding over its back, while the sharp lance entered its body with the full momentum of the charge,--deep down into its vitals!
Turning to his companions he said--.
Turning to his companions he said--.
Knowing by experience that he would soon be up to it, he used his pole with all his might, hoping to steer clear of it.
Knowing by experience that he would soon be up to it.
Profiting by this, Benjy quietly moved away round a colossal buttress of the berg, and took refuge in an ice-cave.
Profiting by this.
Sympathising with its desires, Benjy changed his posture, and managed just to touch the nose of his enemy.
Sympathising with its desires.
Being of a bold, sanguine, and somewhat reckless disposition, this Nimrod of the party paid little attention to the weather until it became difficult to walk and next to impossible to see.
Being of a bold.
Being by that time expert at such masonry, he soon erected a dome-shaped shelter, in which he sat down on his empty game-bag after closing the entrance with a block of hard snow.
Being by that time expert at such masonry.
Rising at once he bundled up his traps, threw the line of his small hand-sledge over his shoulder, and stepped out for home.
Rising at once he bundled up his traps, threw the line of his small hand-sledge over his shoulder, and stepped out for home.
Rising at once he bundled up his traps, threw the line of his small hand-sledge over his shoulder, and stepped out for home.on him.
Rising at once he bundled up his traps, threw the line of his small hand-sledge over his shoulder, and stepped out for home.on him.
Rushing at Leo, he seized and shook him violently, as if he had been his bitterest foe.
Rushing at Leo.
Marching with a bold and determined step up to the squire's back door,--.
Marching with a bold and determined step up to the squire's back door,--.
Probably a great many of my young readers in Bobby's position, thinking that sixteen dollars, which our hero had in his pocket, was a mint of money, would have been in favor of being a little magnificent,--of taking a carriage and going up-town in state.
Thinking that sixteen dollars, which our hero had in his pocket.
THAT BLOWSing near Bobby when he made the remark which the colored boy had misunderstood, interfered to free him from blame, and probably all unpleasant feelings might have been saved, if Tom's zeal had been properly directed.
BLOWSing near Bobby when he made the remark which the colored boy had misunderstood.
The Freeing of the Netherlands.
Freeing of the Netherlands.
The Beginning of an Empire.
Beginning of an Empire.
The breeches were very full, reaching to the knee.
Reaching to the knee.
Susa, her headquarters, lying at the mouth of the valley up which the road over Mount Cenis finds its way, at once guards the pass and keeps open communication with France.
Lying at the mouth of the valley up which the road over Mount Cenis finds its way, at once guards the pass and keeps open communication with France.
Susa, her headquarters, lying at the mouth of the valley up which the road over Mount Cenis finds its way, at once guards the pass and keeps open communication with France.he handle of a fan, and can be approached by three main roads only,--those to Turin, Carignano, and Chivasso.
Lying at the mouth of the valley up which the road over Mount Cenis finds its way, at once guards the pass and keeps open communication with France.he handle of a fan, and can be approached by three main roads only,--those to Turin.
The Marquis of Leganez, whose headquarters were at Asti, knowing that the French had sent all the stores they had brought with them to Casale, had foreseen that this would be the case, and advancing rapidly with the troops from Villanova seized Poirino, on the line by which the French would retire, while at the same time Prince Thomas, who commanded at Turin, advanced with the greater portion of his troops, and marched towards the little river Santina, intending to cross there.
Knowing that the French had sent all the stores they had brought with them to Casale.
On his arrival, the latter, having with him three thousand foot and fifteen hundred horse, prepared to attack, but before he did so Turenne's infantry arrived.
Having with him three thousand foot and fifteen hundred horse.
On his arrival, the latter, having with him three thousand foot and fifteen hundred horse, prepared to attack, but before he did so Turenne's infantry arrived.
Having with him three thousand foot and fifteen hundred horse.
The moment I drew rein you did the same, and took up your post behind me, showing that although this was your first battle you retained your coolness.
Showing that although this was your first battle you retained your coolness.
Getting through the part of the town between us and the river is a more serious matter.
Getting through the part of the town between us and the river is a more serious matter.
That Prince Thomas, seeing that his effort to rule Savoy in place of his sister-in-law, the duchess, is likely to end in discredit and loss to himself, will before long open negotiations with her.
Seeing that his effort to rule Savoy in place of his sister-in-law, the duchess.
Working at this for eight hours a day under the tuition of a German gentleman, who had been compelled to leave the country when his native town was captured by the Imperialists, he was soon able to converse as fluently in it as in Italian.
Working at this for eight hours a day under the tuition of a German gentleman, who had been compelled to leave the country when his native town was captured by the Imperialists.
And Fuentes, seeing that further resistance could only lead to the annihilation of his little band, felt that no more could be done.
Seeing that further resistance could only lead to the annihilation of his little band.
And Fuentes, seeing that further resistance could only lead to the annihilation of his little band, felt that no more could be done.ming to his assistance.
Seeing that further resistance could only lead to the annihilation of his little band.
Coming from Viscount Turenne.
Coming from Viscount Turenne.
Judging by your face, either the queen or the cardinal have failed to recognize the service that you have rendered.
Judging by your face, either the queen or the cardinal have failed to recognize the service that you have rendered.
It was still a place of considerable strength, standing on the crest of a hill.
Standing on the crest of a hill.
I saw you today, monsieur, riding with a party of your officers along the Rue St. Honore.
Riding with a party of your officers along the Rue St. Honore.
Feeling that he could not hold a fort so far from the town, the commander withdrew the garrison from it, and Turenne seized it, and placed a strong force there.
Feeling that he could not hold a fort so far from the town, the commander withdrew the garrison from it, and Turenne seized it, and placed a strong force there.
Standing in the shade as they did, the movement of loading was unobserved by the peasants, who, as they saw the line again advancing, prepared to meet them, but gave a yell of surprise when a terrible volley was poured into them at a distance of twenty yards.
Standing in the shade as they did, the movement of loading was unobserved by the peasants, who, as they saw the line again advancing, prepared to meet them, but gave a yell of surprise when a terrible volley was poured into them at a distance of twenty yards.
For the next two hours the ladies were busy at work, moving among the men and supplying them with refreshments.
Moving among the men and supplying them with refreshments.
Their infantry, perceiving that the Bavarians, who were advancing to attack them, were much superior in force, were seized with a panic and scattered in all directions.
Perceiving that the Bavarians, who were advancing to attack them.
No doubt they will allow me out to take exercise, and like enough, if I give my word that you will return every day at a certain hour, they will allow you to go in to the town, seeing that you can scarcely be called a prisoner, having no military rank or position, but being in their eyes only a lackey.
Seeing that you can scarcely be called a prisoner, having no military rank or position, but being in their eyes only a lackey.
No doubt they will allow me out to take exercise, and like enough, if I give my word that you will return every day at a certain hour, they will allow you to go in to the town, seeing that you can scarcely be called a prisoner, having no military rank or position, but being in their eyes only a lackey.be able to bring in anything that we may require.
Seeing that you can scarcely be called a prisoner, having no military rank or position, but being in their eyes only a lackey.be able to bring in anything that we may require.
Going to a quiet cabaret they ate a hearty meal, and Hector afterwards bought the axes and knives, and they left the town just before the gates were closed.
Going to a quiet cabaret they ate a hearty meal, and Hector afterwards bought the axes and knives, and they left the town just before the gates were closed.
Going to a quiet cabaret they ate a hearty meal, and Hector afterwards bought the axes and knives, and they left the town just before the gates were closed.eatening, broke over them.
Going to a quiet cabaret they ate a hearty meal, and Hector afterwards bought the axes and knives, and they left the town just before the gates were closed.eatening, broke over them.
Searching in the forest behind, several mounds of earth, evidently graves, were discovered.
Searching in the forest behind.
De Thiou, knowing that he had gone to the marshal's, had gone down with the four leading companies.
Knowing that he had gone to the marshal's.
The centre, consisting of ten battalions and five squadrons of horse, was commanded by Count de Marsin.
Consisting of ten battalions and five squadrons of horse.
At this moment Conde, seeing that his centre was destroyed and his right utterly dispersed, came up and joined Turenne, and placing himself at the head of the Hessians, who formed the second line, brought them forward.
Seeing that his centre was destroyed and his right utterly dispersed.
All day the work went on, and by nightfall two walls twenty feet long and eight feet high, bristling with pointed staves, were erected.
Bristling with pointed staves.
The horsemen were in single line, extending from side to side of the valley.
Extending from side to side of the valley.
The Duke of Bavaria, finding that his whole dominions would be captured unless he made terms, therefore opened negotiations, and on the 14th of March, 1646, peace was signed, the terms being that he should separate himself entirely from the empire and deliver five of his fortresses to the allies, who would thus, should he again break his word, have means of access into his dominions.
Finding that his whole dominions would be captured unless he made terms.
I have an order from Cardinal Mazarin to that effect, and that, coming from the first minister of France, I dare not disregard even if the duke himself were with you.
Coming from the first minister of France.
The children ate their luncheon contentedly, looking out of the windows and thinking of the mountains there would be to climb, the ponds, the streams to fish, the pictures to take, and the stories they were to hear the summer long.
Looking out of the windows and thinking of the mountains there would be to climb, the ponds, the streams to fish, the pictures to take, and the stories they were to hear the summer long.
It is a true ogre, lurking under stones and in rubbish at the bottom of the pond seeking whom it may devour.
Lurking under stones and in rubbish at the bottom of the pond seeking whom it may devour.
These are the jaws of the ant-lion, lying in wait to gobble up the first passer-by.
Lying in wait to gobble up the first passer-by.
But she, knowing that excitement makes the blood flow faster, and being a hearty eater, begins her song gently at first, then louder and louder, nearer and nearer.
Knowing that excitement makes the blood flow faster, and being a hearty eater.
Everything in this house was pure and clean.
Everything in this house was pure and clean.
They are happy, too, running about, digging new passageways, clearing the paths to their front doors, and bringing in food, which they store in their granaries.
Running about, digging new passageways, clearing the paths to their front doors, and bringing in food, which they store in their granaries.
Digging for Gold Adventures in California.
Digging for Gold Adventures in California.
Graddy shook his head, and, admitting that the thing was out of the question, went silently forward.
Admitting that the thing was out of the question.
I am a countryman, hailing from Cornwall, and, if you have no objection, will accompany you in your inspection of the diggings.
Hailing from Cornwall, and, if you have no objection, will accompany you in your inspection of the diggings.
Pointing to it, the Yankee store-keeper said with some emotion--.
Pointing to it, the Yankee store-keeper said with some emotion--.
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Digging for Gold, by R.M. Ballantyne.
Digging for Gold, by R.M. Ballantyne.
Feeling that he could probably escape through one of the windows when he pleased, though at the cost of considerable trouble, Frank did not trouble himself much, or allow himself to feel unhappy.
Feeling that he could probably escape through one of the windows when he pleased, though at the cost of considerable trouble.
Looking in the face of her future task-mistress was scarcely calculated to awaken a very deep feeling of gratitude.
Looking in the face of her future task-mistress was scarcely calculated to awaken a very deep feeling of gratitude.
Squatting on the grass, the girls made a circle round their council-fire.
Squatting on the grass, the girls made a circle round their council-fire.
Squatting on the grass, the girls made a circle round their council-fire., and struck the strings every now and then as an earnest of the music she intended to bring from it later on.
Squatting on the grass, the girls made a circle round their council-fire., and struck the strings every now and then as an earnest of the music she intended to bring from it later on.
The Porth Powys stream, flowing between precipitous rocks, fell two hundred feet in a series of four splendid cascades.
Flowing between precipitous rocks.
According to her account the very flower of the neighbourhood had been present, and had taken special notice of her.
According to her account the very flower of the neighbourhood had been present, and had taken special notice of her.
Mr. Stanton, acting on the spur of the moment, rushed to the telephone to try if any ironmonger's shop in the town was still open, and could immediately send up a wire-gauze fire-protector.
Acting on the spur of the moment.
Mr. Stanton, acting on the spur of the moment, rushed to the telephone to try if any ironmonger's shop in the town was still open, and could immediately send up a wire-gauze fire-protector.
Acting on the spur of the moment.
Rona, owing to her intimacy with Ulyth, tried to tag on to V B, often receiving snubs from some of its members.
Owing to her intimacy with Ulyth.
A narrow brook, leaping from the heights above, passed through the centre and gave a quite uncontaminated water supply.
Leaping from the heights above.
Rona, hunting for botany specimens, had been watching the fishing from the bank close by.
Hunting for botany specimens.
Seeing that the girl looked white and tearful, she ordered her promptly to bed.
Seeing that the girl looked white and tearful.
Beginning with the monitresses, Miss Bowes summoned each pupil in turn to her study and subjected her to a very strict catechism.
Beginning with the monitresses.
Sitting on the bank, with Mrs. Arnold's arm round her, Ulyth related the whole of her story, mentioning every detail she could remember.
Sitting on the bank, with Mrs. Arnold's arm round her.
Seeing that further appeal would be useless, Bligh allowed himself to be forced over the side.
Seeing that further appeal would be useless.
On the contrary, seeing that she was not much injured, he laughed in concert with McCoy.
Seeing that she was not much injured.
Rising on her brown little feet, she staggered forward a few paces, and then seated herself without bending her knees.
Rising on her brown little feet.
Proceeding with their investigations, they found that, while a large part of the island was covered with rich soil, bearing fruit-trees and shrubs in abundance, the remainder of it was mountainous, rugged, and barren.
Proceeding with their investigations.
The others, conforming to the natural tendency of mankind to congregate together, had built their houses round the cleared space on the table-land above Bounty Bay, from which central point they were wont to sally forth each morning to their farms or gardens, which were scattered wide apart in separate valleys.
Conforming to the natural tendency of mankind to congregate together.
Then, continuing in the same low, sad tone, but without altering his position or his wistful gaze.
Continuing in the same low.
Coming to a partially open space, he thought he saw the yellow side of a hog.
Coming to a partially open space.
With his mind, meditating on these things, John Adams slowly wended his way up the mountain-side, until he drew near to the elevated hermitage of his once superior officer, now his comrade in disgrace and exile.
Meditating on these things.
With his mind, meditating on these things, John Adams slowly wended his way up the mountain-side, until he drew near to the elevated hermitage of his once superior officer, now his comrade in disgrace and exile.e had never lost respect.
Meditating on these things.
The sun, streaming through the leaves of the woods, studded shady places with balls of quivering light, and blazed in fierce heat in the open where the men were at work, each in his respective garden.
Streaming through the leaves of the woods.
Passing into the house, he caught up an old blanket and a coat, but there was no musket.
Passing into the house.
A ball, coming through the window, entered the back of his neck and came out at the front.
Coming through the window.
Lying in his bunk, opposite the door of his house, that night, John Adams lay half asleep and half-conscious of the storm outside.
Lying in his bunk, opposite the door of his house, that night.
Muttering to himself as he staggered along, he suddenly met his own son, who had grown apace by that time, being nearly seven years of age.
Muttering to himself as he staggered along.
Being in her eleventh year, and, like her country-women generally at that age, far advanced towards big girlhood, she presented a tall, slight, graceful, and beautifully moulded figure, with a sweet sprightly face, and a smile that was ever disclosing her fine white teeth.
Being in her eleventh year, and, like her country-women generally at that age, far advanced towards big girlhood.
Trooping from Adams's house, they dispersed to their respective homes.
Trooping from Adams's house.
Before the repast began, Adams, according to custom, stood up, removed his hat, and briefly asked a blessing.
According to custom.
These five, ranging from fifteen to nineteen, were fond of rambling through the woods in company, being not only the older members of the young flock, but like-minded in many things.
Ranging from fifteen to nineteen.
Owing to my being in this affair.
Owing to my being in this affair.
Finding that the people wished Mr Nobbs to be ordained, he took him to England for this purpose.
Finding that the people wished Mr Nobbs to be ordained.
Leaping to the ground, he seized the girls roughly by their arms as they clung together in alarm.
Leaping to the ground.
Burning under the insult he had received, Glendinning felt no such compunctions.
Burning under the insult he had received.
I should not like to encounter even Glendinning in my present guise.
Glendinning in my present guise.
A price, amounting in some instances to 500 pounbds sterling, was fixed on their heads, and every person, not excepting their nearest of kin, was prohibited from conversing with or writing to them, or of aiding with food, clothes, or any other necessary of life, on pain of being found guilty of the same crimes as the intercommuned persons.
Amounting in some instances to 500 pounbds sterling.
Everything in confusion--broken furniture, meal and grain scattered on the floor, open chests and cupboards--told that the legalised brigands had done their worst.
Everything in confusion--broken furniture.
At that moment our fugitive shepherds, dashing round the corner of the manse, almost plunged into the arms of the Reverend Frank Selby.
Dashing round the corner of the manse.
At that moment our fugitive shepherds, dashing round the corner of the manse, almost plunged into the arms of the Reverend Frank Selby.d uncertain how to act.
Dashing round the corner of the manse.
To say truth, you don't look like it, but, judging from appearance, I should think that in these times you're not unlikely to get it.
Judging from appearance.
Pushing through the crowd gathered in that celebrated locality, Quentin and Wallace ascended the steep street named Candlemaker Row, which led and still leads to the high ground that has since been connected with the High Street by George the Fourth Bridge.
Pushing through the crowd gathered in that celebrated locality.
Pushing through the crowd gathered in that celebrated locality, Quentin and Wallace ascended the steep street named Candlemaker Row, which led and still leads to the high ground that has since been connected with the High Street by George the Fourth Bridge. which encroached somewhat on the footway.
Pushing through the crowd gathered in that celebrated locality.
Meanwhile, Andrew Black, plunging into the woods on the opposite side of the river, was soon far beyond the reach of his foes.
Plunging into the woods on the opposite side of the river.
Thinking that four were sufficient to block the entry, at least for a few moments, our heroes turned, unlionlike, and fled at a pace that soon left the enemy far behind.
Thinking that four were sufficient to block the entry, at least for a few moments.
Stepping into the coffin he lay down, and the woman covered him up.
Stepping into the coffin he lay down, and the woman covered him up.
In the general flight Black, owing to his lame leg, stumbled over a bank, pitched on his head, and lay stunned.
Owing to his lame leg.
Quentin Dick, stooping to succour him, was knocked down from behind, and both were captured.
Stooping to succour him.
Wallace himself, seeing that the day was lost and further resistance useless, and having been separated from his friends in the general melee, sought refuge in a clump of alders on the banks of the river.
Seeing that the day was lost and further resistance useless, and having been separated from his friends in the general melee.
We are all the servants of the most high God, fighting for, suffering for, the truth as it is in Jesus.
Fighting for, suffering for, the truth as it is in Jesus.
Is not Christ King in his own household?
King in his own household?
But, hearing on the way that the much-loved minister, Mr. Welsh, was to preach in a certain locality, they both turned aside to hear him, and thus came together.
Hearing on the way that the much-loved minister.
Knowing that no mercy was to be expected they resolved to fight.
Knowing that no mercy was to be expected they resolved to fight.
Feeling that Edinburgh was not a safe place in which to hide after his recent escape, Quentin.
Feeling that Edinburgh was not a safe place in which to hide after his recent escape.
Sinking on her knees by the side of the mangled corpse, the widow, neither observing nor caring for the departure of the dragoons, proceeded to bind up her husband's shattered skull with a kerchief, while the pent-up tears burst forth.
Sinking on her knees by the side of the mangled corpse, the widow, neither observing nor caring for the departure of the dragoons, proceeded to bind up her husband's shattered skull with a kerchief, while the pent-up tears burst forth.
On his arrival in Wigtown, Quentin, finding that his friends the Wilson girls had been imprisoned with an old covenanter named Mrs. McLachlan, and that he could not obtain permission to see them, resolved to pay a visit to John Brown, the carrier, who was an old friend, and who might perhaps afford him counsel regarding the Wilsons.
Finding that his friends the Wilson girls had been imprisoned with an old covenanter named Mrs. McLachlan, and that he could not obtain permission to see them.
Returning to the sands, the soldiers found that the martyrdom was well-nigh completed.
Returning to the sands, the soldiers found that the martyrdom was well-nigh completed.
Stooping over his companion as if to address her.
Stooping over his companion as if to address her.
Who, knowing that the result of their capture would be almost certain death, preceded by imprisonment, and probably torture, had evidently made up their minds to fight to the death.
Knowing that the result of their capture would be almost certain death.
Smuggling on an immense scale, Collapse of industry, Strained relations.
Smuggling on an immense scale.
THE FAMINE First symptoms of the potato disease--The fatal night--Beginning of Famine--Rapid mortality--Mr.
Beginning of Famine--Rapid mortality--Mr.
THE FAMINE First symptoms of the potato disease--The fatal night--Beginning of Famine--Rapid mortality--Mr.--.
Beginning of Famine--Rapid mortality--Mr.--.
Another special favourite of the annalists is Cormac O'Conn, whose reign they place about the year 250, and over whose doings they wax eloquent, dwelling upon the splendour of his court, the heroism of his warlike sons, the beauty of his ten fair daughters, the doings of his famous militia, the Fenni or Fenians, and especially of his illustrious general Finn, or Fingal, the hero of the legends, and father of the poet Ossian--a warrior whom we shall meet with again in the next chapter.
Dwelling upon the splendour of his court, the heroism of his warlike sons, the beauty of his ten fair daughters, the doings of his famous militia, the Fenni or Fenians, and especially of his illustrious general Finn, or Fingal, the hero of the legends, and father of the poet Ossian--a warrior whom we shall meet with again in the next chapter.
To these unknown seas they went, starting from Ben Edar, and sailed away west for many days over the Atlantic, seeing many strange sights and passing many unknown islands.
Starting from Ben Edar, and sailed away west for many days over the Atlantic, seeing many strange sights and passing many unknown islands.
Even the less directly baneful spirits such as Finvarragh, king of the fairies, who haunts the stony slopes of Knockmaa, and all the endless variety of dii minores, the cluricans, banshees, fetches who peopled the primitive forests, and still hop and mow about their ruined homes, were far more likely to injure than to benefit unless approached in exactly the right manner, and with the properly littered conjurations.
King of the fairies, who haunts the stony slopes of Knockmaa, and all the endless variety of dii minores, the cluricans.
Landing in Ulster, he burned the cathedral of Armagh, drove out St. Patrick's successors, slaughtered the monks, took possession of the whole east coast, and marching into the centre of the island, established himself in a strong position near Athlone.
Landing in Ulster.
Landing in Ulster, he burned the cathedral of Armagh, drove out St. Patrick's successors, slaughtered the monks, took possession of the whole east coast, and marching into the centre of the island, established himself in a strong position near Athlone.seems to have hated the churches.
Landing in Ulster.
Issuing from this retreat, he with some difficulty induced his brother once more to confront the aggressors.
Issuing from this retreat.
Whether we like him or not, we at any rate cannot dispense with him, seeing that nearly everything we know of the Ireland of the Conquest, we know from those marvellous pages of his, which, if often exasperating, are at any rate never dull.
Seeing that nearly everything we know of the Ireland of the Conquest.
The story of Dermot McMurrough, king of Leinster, and his part in the invasion, has often been told, and does not, I think, need dwelling upon at any great length.
King of Leinster, and his part in the invasion.
After this, finding that the country at large was beginning to take some note of their proceedings, the invaders fell back upon Ferns, which they fortified according to the science of the age under the superintendence of Robert FitzStephen.
Finding that the country at large was beginning to take some note of their proceedings, the invaders fell back upon Ferns, which they fortified according to the science of the age under the superintendence of Robert FitzStephen.
Hearing of this outbreak, he hastened into Meath.
Hearing of this outbreak.
Seizing upon the government, he held it in the teeth of the king and Parliament for more than a year.
Seizing upon the government.
According to a precedent now prevailing for several reigns, the Lord-Lieutenancy was conferred upon the Duke of Bedford, the king's uncle, Kildare continuing, however, practically to exercise all the functions of government as his deputy.
According to a precedent now prevailing for several reigns, the Lord-Lieutenancy was conferred upon the Duke of Bedford, the king's uncle.
According to the account given in the Book of Howth he readily admitted the charge, but declared positively that he would never have thought of doing so had he not been solemnly assured that the archbishop was at the time inside it.
According to the account given in the Book of Howth he readily admitted the charge, but declared positively that he would never have thought of doing so had he not been solemnly assured that the archbishop was at the time inside it.
Prince Henry, according to custom, becoming nominally Lord-Lieutenant, with Kildare as deputy under him.
According to custom, becoming nominally Lord-Lieutenant, with Kildare as deputy under him.
Prince Henry, according to custom, becoming nominally Lord-Lieutenant, with Kildare as deputy under him.
According to custom, becoming nominally Lord-Lieutenant, with Kildare as deputy under him.
Fercal, Leix, and Offaly, belonging to the fierce tribes of the O'Moores, O'Dempseys, O'Connors, and O'Carrols, lay upon the Kildare frontier of the Pale, and had long been a standing menace to their more peaceful neighbours.
Belonging to the fierce tribes of the O'Moores.
A number of men of family, chiefly from Devonshire and Somersetshire, undertook to migrate in a body to Ireland, taking with them their own farm servants, their farm implements, and everything necessary for the work of colonization.
Taking with them their own farm servants.
Failing in France, he appealed to Philip of Spain.
Failing in France.
Touching at Lisbon, Stukeley was easily persuaded to give up his first scheme, and to join Sebastian, king of Portugal, in a buccaneering expedition to Morocco, and at the battle of Alcansar both he and Sebastian with the greater part of their men were killed.
Touching at Lisbon.
Touching at Lisbon, Stukeley was easily persuaded to give up his first scheme, and to join Sebastian, king of Portugal, in a buccaneering expedition to Morocco, and at the battle of Alcansar both he and Sebastian with the greater part of their men were killed.nging with them a banner especially consecrated by the Pope for this service.
Touching at Lisbon.
Carew went south to wreak a summary vengeance upon O'Sullivan Beare, and the other Kerry insurgents, while Mountjoy, following in the wake of Tyrone, hemmed him gradually further and further north, repeating at the same time that wasting process which had already been only too brilliantly successful.
Following in the wake of Tyrone.
Something like a regular stampede of men ambitious to call themselves undertakers, began to cross over from the larger to the smaller island.
Something like a regular stampede of men ambitious to call themselves undertakers, began to cross over from the larger to the smaller island.
Rinucini, feeling that whatever happened, his project of a separate Ireland had become impossible, fled to Italy.
Feeling that whatever happened.
Even O'Neill, finding that his alliance with Jones was not prospering, and that the stricter Puritans declined with horror the bare idea of holding any communication with him or his forces, gave in his adhesion.
Finding that his alliance with Jones was not prospering, and that the stricter Puritans declined with horror the bare idea of holding any communication with him or his forces.
The number of Roman Catholics, according to the most trustworthy statistics, increased rather than diminished under the Penal code, and there were many more conversions from Protestantism to Catholicism than there were the other way.
According to the most trustworthy statistics.
Returning to the arena of politics, Molyneux's chief claim to remembrance rests upon a work published by him in favour of the rights of the Irish Parliament in the last year but one of the seventeenth century, only seven years therefore after the treaty of Limerick.
Returning to the arena of politics.
A succession of struggles took place, chiefly over Money Bills, the more independent members, under Flood's leadership, claiming for the Irish House of Commons the complete control of the national purse, a claim as uniformly resisted by the Government.
Claiming for the Irish House of Commons the complete control of the national purse, a claim as uniformly resisted by the Government.
Yielding to the inevitable, Humbert surrendered at discretion, and he and his men were received with due courtesy as prisoners of war.
Yielding to the inevitable.
Owing to the fact of land being practically the only commodity of value, there has always been in Ireland a tendency to offer far more for it than could reasonably be hoped to be got in the form of return, and this tendency has led, especially in the poorest districts and with the smallest holdings, to a rent being offered and accepted often quite out of proportion to the actual value of the land, though in few instances do the very highest rents attainable seem even in these cases to have been exacted.
Owing to the fact of land being practically the only commodity of value, there has always been in Ireland a tendency to offer far more for it than could reasonably be hoped to be got in the form of return, and this tendency has led, especially in the poorest districts and with the smallest holdings, to a rent being offered and accepted often quite out of proportion to the actual value of the land, though in few instances do the very highest rents attainable seem even in these cases to have been exacted.
Will it vanish away, will it pass into new phases, or will some form of it eventually receive the sanction of the nation?swer, seeing that the strongest and most far-reaching heads are at this moment intent upon them--not, so far as can be seen, with any strikingly successful result.
Seeing that the strongest and most far-reaching heads are at this moment intent upon them--not.
255 Murhertach, house of, 74 Murphy, Father John, 362 Murphy, Father Michael, 304 N Nation, The, newspaper, 390 Neil Grey, 167 Newtown Butler, battle of, 288 Norris, General Sir Henry, 206 Norris, Sir Thomas, 194 Norsmen, or Northmen, or Danes, 7, 53-56 Northern Star, newspaper, 358 Nuad, King of the Tuatha-da-Danaans,.
King of the Tuatha-da-Danaans,.
Frontispiece Drawing by Seymour M. Stone FACING PAGE.
Drawing by Seymour M. Stone FACING PAGE.
Drawing by Seymour M. Stone.
Drawing by Seymour M. Stone.
34 Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs . . . . . . . .
Drawing by George Gibbs . . . . . . . .
40 Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs.
86 Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs.
102 Drawing by George Gibbs FERNANDO CORTES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Drawing by George Gibbs FERNANDO CORTES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
179 Drawing by George Gibbs.
Drawing by George Gibbs.
234 Drawing by W. J. Aylward.
Drawing by W. J. Aylward.
Coming to an arm of the sea, supposed to be Chiriqui Lagoon off Costa Rica, in the course of their journeyings, they decided to cross it in a small boat rather than make the long detour necessary to get to what they believed to be the other side.
Coming to an arm of the sea, supposed to be Chiriqui Lagoon off Costa Rica, in the course of their journeyings.
Coasting along the shore, they came at last to an open roadstead where they could debark.
Coasting along the shore.
Protesting against the legality of the action, appealing to them to give him a chance for humanity's sake, poor Nicuesa was hurried aboard a small, crazy bark, the weakest of the wretched brigantines in the harbor.
Protesting against the legality of the action, appealing to them to give him a chance for humanity's sake.
The Coming of the Devastator.
Coming of the Devastator.
The Coming of the Devastator stake.
Coming of the Devastator stake.
Advocate than Balboa's friend Zamudio, and the King of Spain credited the one and disbelieved the other.
King of Spain credited the one and disbelieved the other.
Embarking upon the two brigantines, Balboa soon reached the Pacific, where he was presently joined by the two remaining boats as they were completed.
Embarking upon the two brigantines.
Embarking upon the two brigantines, Balboa soon reached the Pacific, where he was presently joined by the two remaining boats as they were completed.mmand.
Embarking upon the two brigantines.
Coasting along the shore, they saw increasing evidence of cultivation in the valleys and uplands, backed by the huge snow-crowned range of the Andes.
Coasting along the shore.
Arriving at the Gulf of Guayaquil, Pizarro established himself on the island of Puna, opposite Tumbez, which he cleared of its inhabitants by a series of desperate battles.
Arriving at the Gulf of Guayaquil.
Halting on the fifth day in a pleasant valley, he met the emergency in his usual characteristic fashion.
Halting on the fifth day in a pleasant valley.
To be sure, according to some accounts, he looked upon them as belonging to the immortal gods, but there have been men brave enough in the defence of land and liberty to defy even the immortal gods!
According to some accounts.
Llauta, according to the Peruvians) was the supreme mark of the imperial dignity in that no one.
According to the Peruvians) was the supreme mark of the imperial dignity in that no one.
Manco, burning with fiery patriotic zeal, summoned his great vassals and subjects to his standard.
Burning with fiery patriotic zeal.
With ancient ceremonies, drinking from a common cup, they pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor to their hereditary chief in defense of their altars and their fires, their native land.
Drinking from a common cup.
Recognizing that it was all up with him, riding forward with Carvajal and the rest, he coolly surrendered himself to Gasca.
Recognizing that it was all up with him, riding forward with Carvajal and the rest.
Something of the power of high birth was evidently hers, for she escaped the degrading servitude of the time, and was carefully trained and prepared for some higher purpose.
Something of the power of high birth was evidently hers, for she escaped the degrading servitude of the time, and was carefully trained and prepared for some higher purpose.
They were worthy and respectable subjects of the King of Spain.
King of Spain.
Cortes, learning that his enemies were undermining him with the governor, hastily completed his preparations and set sail a short time in advance of the arrival of the order displacing him from the command.
Learning that his enemies were undermining him with the governor.
Cortes, learning that his enemies were undermining him with the governor, hastily completed his preparations and set sail a short time in advance of the arrival of the order displacing him from the command.ken by the missive from Velasquez, which Cortes absolutely disregarded.
Learning that his enemies were undermining him with the governor.
The Meeting with Montezuma.
Meeting with Montezuma.
Arriving at the great plateau upon the crest, the Spaniards were met by five hundred of the noblest Aztecs, who, animated by their priests, made the last desperate stand for the altars of their gods.
Arriving at the great plateau upon the crest, the Spaniards were met by five hundred of the noblest Aztecs, who, animated by their priests, made the last desperate stand for the altars of their gods.
Arriving at the brink of the first opening, the bridge was brought up and the division began its passage.
Arriving at the brink of the first opening, the bridge was brought up and the division began its passage.
Lord, the King of Mexico.
King of Mexico.
Arriving at the spot where they had been sighted at the ship, the men discovered that the whales had sounded and vanished.
Arriving at the spot where they had been sighted at the ship, the men discovered that the whales had sounded and vanished.
Presently a great bull rose lazily, spouting in front of the mate's boat, and lay idly wallowing in the tumbling sea.
Spouting in front of the mate's boat, and lay idly wallowing in the tumbling sea.
Working with the energy of despair, for the ship seemed literally sinking under their feet, the men succeeded in clearing away the spare boat and launching it.
Working with the energy of despair, for the ship seemed literally sinking under their feet, the men succeeded in clearing away the spare boat and launching it.
On the 17th, driving along at the mercy of wind and wave, for there was not a man strong enough to do anything, they caught sight of the Island of Massafuera.
Driving along at the mercy of wind and wave, for there was not a man strong enough to do anything.
On the 1st of February, 1821, being without food or drink of any sort, the four men.
Being without food or drink of any sort, the four men.
On the 1st of February, 1821, being without food or drink of any sort, the four menn the captain's boat cast lots as to which should die for the others.
Being without food or drink of any sort, the four menn the captain's boat cast lots as to which should die for the others.
The Killing of Stephen Decatur.
Killing of Stephen Decatur.
Later in the afternoon a gentle breeze sprang up from the west, blowing into the mouth of the river, and Thorn determined to try and cross the bar.
Blowing into the mouth of the river, and Thorn determined to try and cross the bar.
Rallying on the banquette, upon the return of the others, they in turn drove the Indians out of the fort.
Rallying on the banquette, upon the return of the others.
Seeing that there was little prospect of the pack opening up just then, the captain ordered the ice-anchors to be got out and fixed.
Seeing that there was little prospect of the pack opening up just then, the captain ordered the ice-anchors to be got out and fixed.
The brig was now about fifty yards from the neck of ice, tearing through the water like a race-horse.
Tearing through the water like a race-horse.
In a few minutes several rents took place, sounding like the reports of great guns.
Sounding like the reports of great guns.
It was just large enough to hold her, and a long tongue of ice, projecting from the foot of it, kept off the pressure of the sea-ice.
Projecting from the foot of it.
Seeing that all was right, Gregory now laid down his rifle and advanced slowly to the hummock, behind which the Eskimos had taken refuge.
Seeing that all was right.
Real tails--not like the broad skirts of our dress-coats, but long, narrow tails, something like the tail of a cow, with a broadish flap at the end of it.
Something like the tail of a cow, with a broadish flap at the end of it.
Everything with life seemed to have forsaken the place.
Everything with life seemed to have forsaken the place.
The Opening of the Secret Orders.
Opening of the Secret Orders.
The Meeting with the Bellevite at Night 290 CHAPTER XXVII.
Meeting with the Bellevite at Night 290 CHAPTER XXVII.
The Planning of an Expedition.
Planning of an Expedition.
For the next three days it blew a gale, moderating at times, and then piping up again.
Moderating at times, and then piping up again.
Passing through the ward room and steerage, Dave unlocked the door that led into the quarters of the crew.
Passing through the ward room and steerage.
Stepping into the fore-sheets, he leaped on shore, directing the Russian to follow him.
Stepping into the fore-sheets.
LEE AND SHEPARD announce a new edition of this fine line of 12mo Juveniles, consisting of books by KELLOGG, KINGSTON, BALLANTYNE, HEADLEY, and others.
Consisting of books by KELLOGG.
The legs, a slight pulsation of the belly, continuing till the morrow, proclaim that life has not yet entirely departed.
Continuing till the morrow.
Nevertheless, judging from the little that I saw, it appears to me that the bite of this Spider is not an accident which man can afford to treat lightly.
Judging from the little that I saw.
In the lower part of the web, starting from the centre, a wide opaque ribbon descends zigzag-wise across the radii.
Starting from the centre, a wide opaque ribbon descends zigzag-wise across the radii.
In the lower part of the web, starting from the centre, a wide opaque ribbon descends zigzag-wise across the radii.
Starting from the centre, a wide opaque ribbon descends zigzag-wise across the radii.
For weeks on end, squatting at the bottom of her purse, she presses to her heart the eggs, those little white pebbles from which the warmth of her body will bring forth life.
Squatting at the bottom of her purse.
The desertion of the nest is inevitable, owing to the very force of things.
Owing to the very force of things.
These stand for the Spider's usual basket-work, consisting of slender stalks and dry blades of grass.
Consisting of slender stalks and dry blades of grass.
Hiding behind the wall, she sees the stranger advancing, keeps her eyes on him and suddenly pounces when he comes within reach.
Hiding behind the wall.
Following in the wake of so many others, the Lycosa warrants us in entertaining a doubt.
Following in the wake of so many others, the Lycosa warrants us in entertaining a doubt.
Leaning on the parapet, she had the front half of her body outside the pit and the hinder half inside.
Leaning on the parapet.
The Hen, fidgeting about her Chicks, looks for the strays, calls them, gathers them together.
Fidgeting about her Chicks.
Why not live on sun, seeing that, after all, we find naught but sun in the fruits which we consume?
Seeing that, after all.
First these, then those, according as they feel themselves duly soaked with sunshine, the little ones leave the mother in batches, run about for a moment on the ground and then quickly reach the trellis-work of the cage, which they climb with surprising alacrity.
According as they feel themselves duly soaked with sunshine, the little ones leave the mother in batches.
Behold the emigrants off and away, clinging to their thread.
Clinging to their thread.
If the wind be favourable, they can land at great distances., according to the temperature and the brightness of the day.
According to the temperature and the brightness of the day.
In a few minutes, most of them are up, clinging to the ceiling.
Clinging to the ceiling.
A current of lukewarm air, coming from the chafing-dish, escapes through the top.
Coming from the chafing-dish.
Nothing as yet suggests the future, richly-striped livery.
Nothing as yet suggests the future, richly-striped livery.
Hanging to her thread, the Spider lets herself drop straight down, to a depth of nine or ten inches.
Hanging to her thread, the Spider lets herself drop straight down, to a depth of nine or ten inches.
Flaming in the sun like so many gleaming points, the little Spiders are the sparks of that living firework.
Flaming in the sun like so many gleaming points, the little Spiders are the sparks of that living firework.
That, according to the chances of the day.
According to the chances of the day.
With an extremely thin thread, she describes from spoke to spoke, starting from the centre, a spiral line with very close coils.
Starting from the centre, a spiral line with very close coils.
What follows is difficult to observe, for the movements are very quick and spasmodic, consisting of a series of sudden little rushes, sways and bends that bewilder the eye.
Consisting of a series of sudden little rushes.
Meanwhile, turning by narrow degrees, the spinstress approaches the auxiliary chords that have just served as her support.
Turning by narrow degrees, the spinstress approaches the auxiliary chords that have just served as her support.
All day invisible, crouching amid the cypress-leaves, the Spider, at about eight o'clock in the evening, solemnly emerges from her retreat and makes for the top of a branch.
Crouching amid the cypress-leaves, the Spider, at about eight o'clock in the evening.
People declare as much, without, apparently, looking into the matter very closely.
Looking into the matter very closely.
Walking about her platform every night, she lays fresh courses without drawing a distinction between the solid and the hollow.
Walking about her platform every night.
Because her telegraph, being out of order, no longer tells her of the shaking of the web.
Being out of order.
This spoke, springing from the common focus of the vibrations from all parts of the network, is eminently fitted to keep the Spider informed of whatsoever happens.
Springing from the common focus of the vibrations from all parts of the network.
Recovering from his fright, he climbs up once more, draws a little nearer.
Recovering from his fright.
Guarding against sudden starts, the Epeira casts her armfuls of bands on the front-and hind-parts, over the legs and over the wings, here, there and everywhere, extravagantly.
Guarding against sudden starts, the Epeira casts her armfuls of bands on the front-and hind-parts, over the legs and over the wings, here, there and everywhere, extravagantly.
You would be ready to say so, judging by the furious way in which he kicks in my fingers.
Judging by the furious way in which he kicks in my fingers.
You would be ready to say so, judging by the furious way in which he kicks in my fingers.
Judging by the furious way in which he kicks in my fingers.
The one in front, expanding into a mouth kept wide open by cords stretched backwards and forwards, recalls the yawning gulf into which the victims used to fall.
Expanding into a mouth kept wide open by cords stretched backwards and forwards.
These pillars are about ten in number and are slender in the middle, expanding at one end into a conical capital and at the other into a base of the same shape.
Expanding at one end into a conical capital and at the other into a base of the same shape.
The sheet-net and the labyrinth that surmounts it are objects visible from afar, owing to their whiteness and the height whereat they are placed.
Owing to their whiteness and the height whereat they are placed.
If fortune smile at last upon our perseverance, we shall see, clinging to the lower surface of the stone which we have lifted, an edifice of a weather-beaten aspect, shaped like an over-turned cupola and about the size of half a tangerine orange.
Clinging to the lower surface of the stone which we have lifted, an edifice of a weather-beaten aspect.
But one of the scallops, differing in no wise from the others in appearance, if cleverly coaxed, opens at the edge into two lips and stands slightly ajar.
Differing in no wise from the others in appearance, if cleverly coaxed.
Can there be calculation, measurement of angles, gauging of the parallel by means of the eye or otherwise?
Gauging of the parallel by means of the eye or otherwise?
Owing to their hygrometrical nature, the sticky threads are laden with tiny drops, and, bending under the burden, have become so many catenaries, so many chaplets of limpid gems, graceful chaplets arranged in exquisite order and following the curve of a swing.
Owing to their hygrometrical nature, the sticky threads are laden with tiny drops, and, bending under the burden, have become so many catenaries, so many chaplets of limpid gems.
O, and look at those angels, flying with white wings spread, and below them there is a lovely lake!
Flying with white wings spread, and below them there is a lovely lake!
The Beginning of a Chase 157 CHAPTER XV.
Beginning of a Chase 157 CHAPTER XV.
Coming to the Point.
Coming to the Point.
Homer Passford, acting upon his convictions, gave information which resulted in an attempt to capture the Bellevite.
Acting upon his convictions.
Dismounting from the rail, he hastened to the engine-room, where he found Sampson getting the engine ready to be put in motion.
Dismounting from the rail.
Springing into the boat, he pulled to the Bellevite.
Springing into the boat.
Springing into the boat, he pulled to the Bellevite.erience of the evening had greatly sharpened his wits.
Springing into the boat.
Christy, laughing in his excitement.
Laughing in his excitement.
She was not more than two-thirds as large as the Bellevite.aining on the chase even more rapidly than in the morning.
Bellevite.aining on the chase even more rapidly than in the morning.
Finding that his uncle knew nothing of the events which had transpired at Bonnydale, Christy told him all about them, informing him at the end that Corny was a prisoner of war on parole at his father's house, recovering from his wound. CHAPTER XXVIII.
Finding that his uncle knew nothing of the events which had transpired at Bonnydale.
Looking about them they found a piece of joist about ten feet long, which might have been left there when the building was finished.
Looking about them they found a piece of joist about ten feet long, which might have been left there when the building was finished.
Acting upon their belief that all the warehouses were constructed on the same plan, they easily found the door by which they reached the staircase.
Acting upon their belief that all the warehouses were constructed on the same plan.
Striking across an inlet they reached the land again, and by midnight they reached a point of land where Christy felt entirely at home.
Striking across an inlet they reached the land again, and by midnight they reached a point of land where Christy felt entirely at home.
Rising from her seat, she pushed her writing materials away, and stooped over the hearth.
Rising from her seat.
Nothing but that passionate hunger would have caused her to forsake the children at this supreme moment.
Nothing but that passionate hunger would have caused her to forsake the children at this supreme moment.
And I'd rather be Will, lying in prison this minute, than I'd be you.
Lying in prison this minute, than I'd be you.
Coming to Saltillo to secure for the Texans better treatment from the Mexicans, their rulers, he had been seized and held as a criminal.
Coming to Saltillo to secure for the Texans better treatment from the Mexicans.
But Mr. Austin, believing in others because he was so truthful and honest himself, talked freely.
Believing in others because he was so truthful and honest himself.
But the boy, Edward Fulton, sleeping in the chapel of the great cathedral, knew nothing of it all.
Sleeping in the chapel of the great cathedral.
On one occasion he saw a small body of soldiers, deep in dust, marching toward the port.
Marching toward the port.
Then, relying upon the isolation of his perch for safety, he wrapped himself in the invaluable serape and lay down.
Relying upon the isolation of his perch for safety.
Knowing that it was now useless, Ned no longer made any attempt to conceal his nationality which was evident to all.
Knowing that it was now useless.
Knowing that he was already condemned he resolved to seek no subterfuge.
Knowing that he was already condemned he resolved to seek no subterfuge.
Then, passing through marshes and sand dunes, they reached Vera Cruz, the chief port of Mexico, a small, unhealthy city, forming a semicircle about a mile in length about the bay.
Passing through marshes and sand dunes.
Then, passing through marshes and sand dunes, they reached Vera Cruz, the chief port of Mexico, a small, unhealthy city, forming a semicircle about a mile in length about the bay.
Passing through marshes and sand dunes.
Feeling that every attempt to solve anything would be hopeless, he fell asleep again, and when he awoke a man with a lantern was standing beside him.
Feeling that every attempt to solve anything would be hopeless.
Feeling that every attempt to solve anything would be hopeless, he fell asleep again, and when he awoke a man with a lantern was standing beside him.rdinary Mexican fare, and water.
Feeling that every attempt to solve anything would be hopeless.
He lay there on the blankets, staring at the walls and not seeing them, until the soldiers came again with his food.
Staring at the walls and not seeing them, until the soldiers came again with his food.
He lay a while, thinking on the chances of fate.
Thinking on the chances of fate.
They did not dare to sleep again in the same place, fearing that the jaguar might have a mate which would seek revenge upon them, but, a couple of hundred yards further down, they found in the river a little island, twelve or fifteen feet square.
Fearing that the jaguar might have a mate which would seek revenge upon them, but, a couple of hundred yards further down.
Most of the cactus trees were gorgeous with flowers, ranging from a deep rich crimson through rose and pink to a creamy white.
Ranging from a deep rich crimson through rose and pink to a creamy white.
From a point sixty or seventy yards away Mexicans, lying among the trees or in the undergrowth, suddenly opened a heavy fire upon the rocky fort.
Lying among the trees or in the undergrowth.
But it's the way down here, rushing from one extreme to another.
Rushing from one extreme to another.
The horse was still there, grazing in his grassy circle, and as the two approached he drew away a little but did not seem to be frightened.
Grazing in his grassy circle, and as the two approached he drew away a little but did not seem to be frightened.
It was a fine horse, a bay, tall, strong and young, grazing with dignified content, at the end of a lariat about forty feet in length.
Grazing with dignified content, at the end of a lariat about forty feet in length.
Then they rode all through the night, coming about dawn to a plain which turned to sand and cactus, as they advanced further into the north.
Coming about dawn to a plain which turned to sand and cactus, as they advanced further into the north.
After the single look they were away toward the north, moving at a smooth and easy gallop.
Moving at a smooth and easy gallop.
No Mistering for me.
Mistering for me.
Standing upon a little hillock he called them more bad names than Ned had ever before heard.
Standing upon a little hillock he called them more bad names than Ned had ever before heard.
Moreover, there were Mexicans born in Texas some of whom, belonging to the Liberal party, inclined to the Texan side.
Belonging to the Liberal party.
I was too late for the fight, but I saw the men of Castenada, with Castenada himself at their head, flying across the prairie.
Flying across the prairie.
Everything of value that the nuns had not taken away had been stripped from the place by Comanche, Apache or Lipan.
Everything of value that the nuns had not taken away had been stripped from the place by Comanche.
At the same moment, acting on impulse, he seized the rope that hung by the wall and pulled it hard, fast and often.
Acting on impulse.
At the same moment, acting on impulse, he seized the rope that hung by the wall and pulled it hard, fast and often.
Acting on impulse.
He was now heart and soul for the war, knowing that there was no other resort, but for battle he did not feel himself fitted.
Knowing that there was no other resort, but for battle he did not feel himself fitted.
Crouching against the wall they listened, and heard also the sounds of laughter and feminine voices.
Crouching against the wall they listened, and heard also the sounds of laughter and feminine voices.
They chose the boldest possible course, thinking that it would be safest, claiming to one soldier whom they passed that they were sentinels going to their duty at the farthest outposts.
Thinking that it would be safest, claiming to one soldier whom they passed that they were sentinels going to their duty at the farthest outposts.
But Bowie and Fannin were able to take a look at the fortifications, confirming in every respect all that Ned and his comrades had told them.
Confirming in every respect all that Ned and his comrades had told them.
The Texans, standing in the steps that they had cut in the earth, were in sober attire, but resolute eyes looked out from under their caps or the wide brims of their hats.
Standing in the steps that they had cut in the earth.
Lying against the face of the bluff they were sending in their bullets with deadly precision.
Lying against the face of the bluff they were sending in their bullets with deadly precision.
Bowie drew his forces out of the horseshoe and they rode for the Texan camp, carrying with them the trophies of arms that they had taken.
Carrying with them the trophies of arms that they had taken.
Bowie drew his forces out of the horseshoe and they rode for the Texan camp, carrying with them the trophies of arms that they had taken. met Mr. Austin and a strong force who had heard of their plight and who were now coming to their relief.
Carrying with them the trophies of arms that they had taken. met Mr. Austin and a strong force who had heard of their plight and who were now coming to their relief.
Being of the Mexican race and knowing the country so thoroughly, I am of most value as a seeker after information.
Being of the Mexican race and knowing the country so thoroughly.
Twisting in his saddle he took aim at him.
Twisting in his saddle he took aim at him.
They did not see him, nor did he pay any attention to them, but when a third man on foot came, running at the utmost speed, the boy seized him by the shoulder, and was dragged from his feet.
Running at the utmost speed, the boy seized him by the shoulder, and was dragged from his feet.
He did not seek to raise his rifle, knowing that it was too late.
Knowing that it was too late.
It was like a procession of ghosts, moving into a sleeping town.
Moving into a sleeping town.
Then I gave him in charge on arrival to your servitor, knowing that otherwise the young varlet would slip off again as soon as my back was turned.
Knowing that otherwise the young varlet would slip off again as soon as my back was turned.
I would fainen you a great scholar, but as it is clear that this is out of the question, seeing that your nature does not incline to study, I would that you should become a brave knight.
Seeing that your nature does not incline to study.
The other three, who were of less spirit, took no part in these arguments, saying that these things did not concern them, being matters for the king and his ministers, and of no interest whatever to them.
Saying that these things did not concern them, being matters for the king and his ministers, and of no interest whatever to them.
Therefore, my friend, seeing that, as you say, the powder is not likely to be of any use to man, I should say that it were best that you destroy it, for if whispers of it got abroad you might well be accused of dealing in magic.
Seeing that, as you say, the powder is not likely to be of any use to man.
He did not go in, deeming that he might be in the way, but sent in word to Lady De Courcy that he was there and at her service.
Deeming that he might be in the way, but sent in word to Lady De Courcy that he was there and at her service.
Nothing but force will avail, and though something might be done that way, it is more difficult than it looks.
Nothing but force will avail, and though something might be done that way.
He has a powerful party, having with him the Duke of Gloucester, his brother, and other great nobles.
Having with him the Duke of Gloucester.
There was a tone of command in Edgar's voice, and the host, seeing that he had to do with persons of quality, murmured excuses on the ground that the neighbourhood was a rough one.
Seeing that he had to do with persons of quality.
Seeing that I had been trapped, I pushed Ursula into the doorway and stood on my guard.
Seeing that I had been trapped.
The house was a large one, each storey, as usual, projecting over the one below it.
Projecting over the one below it.
And, in faith, seeing that her life would have been in danger did she refuse, she was forced to consent to this humiliation.
Seeing that her life would have been in danger did she refuse.
And, in faith, seeing that her life would have been in danger did she refuse, she was forced to consent to this humiliation.ght.
Seeing that her life would have been in danger did she refuse.
Running in he gathered the clothes, made them into a rough bundle, and.
Running in he gathered the clothes, made them into a rough bundle, and.
Running in he gathered the clothes, made them into a rough bundle, andollowed.
Running in he gathered the clothes, made them into a rough bundle, andollowed.
In a minute or two they saw a number of men pour out, hauling along the Archbishop of Canterbury, Sir Robert Hales, the king's confessor, and four other gentlemen.
Hauling along the Archbishop of Canterbury.
It is true that there were doubts whether many of them were not at heart with the people, which was not altogether unnatural, seeing that they were drawn from the same class and from the same counties.
Seeing that they were drawn from the same class and from the same counties.
Richard, signing to them not to advance, rode forward.
Signing to them not to advance.
By this time they were across the bridge, and, proceeding at a sharp trot, until beyond the boundaries of Southwark, they broke into a gallop.
Proceeding at a sharp trot, until beyond the boundaries of Southwark.
Thinking that the light of the phosphorus might not show up well a short distance away, I placed in addition some red fire in the skull.
Thinking that the light of the phosphorus might not show up well a short distance away.
Thinking that the light of the phosphorus might not show up well a short distance away, I placed in addition some red fire in the skull. and sat down where I could peep out without being seen.
Thinking that the light of the phosphorus might not show up well a short distance away.
Two days later, finding that all was now perfectly quiet, and that there was no probability whatever of a renewal of the troubles, Sir Ralph went up to London with the city knight and his company.
Finding that all was now perfectly quiet, and that there was no probability whatever of a renewal of the troubles.
He has great influence with the Court, seeing that he has frequently supplied the royal needs with money.
Seeing that he has frequently supplied the royal needs with money.
Then Peter De Bois, who was now the chief of the White Hoods, seeing that many of the townsmen were sorely discouraged by their want of success, went to Philip Van Artevelde (the son of Jacob Van Artevelde, who was murdered by the townsfolk for making an alliance with England) and persuaded him to come forward as the leader of the people.
Seeing that many of the townsmen were sorely discouraged by their want of success.
Then Peter De Bois, who was now the chief of the White Hoods, seeing that many of the townsmen were sorely discouraged by their want of success, went to Philip Van Artevelde (the son of Jacob Van Artevelde, who was murdered by the townsfolk for making an alliance with England) and persuaded him to come forward as the leader of the people.e Hoods.
Seeing that many of the townsmen were sorely discouraged by their want of success.
That Ghent should be upheld, for these troubles in Flanders greatly disturb both the Duke of Burgundy and the King of France, whose interests never run together.
King of France, whose interests never run together.
Travelling by easy stages, the party approached the town on the second evening.
Travelling by easy stages, the party approached the town on the second evening.
Riding on fast the friends were soon two miles ahead of the main body.
Riding on fast the friends were soon two miles ahead of the main body.
Rejoicing that they should thus have placed themselves in his power, he sent out three knights to reconnoitre their position and bring an account of their numbers.
Rejoicing that they should thus have placed themselves in his power.
Waiting until the enemy had gathered in great masses, Van Artevelde gave the word, and the three hundred guns, many of these being wall-pieces, were fired at once, doing great destruction.
Waiting until the enemy had gathered in great masses.
Moens did not wait to speak to them, but, running into the belfry, ordered the men there to ring their most joyous peal.
Running into the belfry.
Seeing that fighting in earnest was likely to commence shortly, the knights took ship with their followers early in October, and after a fair voyage landed at Sluys and rode to Oudenarde.
Seeing that fighting in earnest was likely to commence shortly, the knights took ship with their followers early in October, and after a fair voyage landed at Sluys and rode to Oudenarde.
Seeing that the bridge could not be crossed, the French army had halted.
Seeing that the bridge could not be crossed, the French army had halted.
However great their loss may be, the Ghentois are like to make an obstinate defence, judging from the way in which they withstood their earl with all Flanders at his back.
Judging from the way in which they withstood their earl with all Flanders at his back.
To all those who take part in the war he gives absolution from all sins, and the same to those who, staying at home, contribute to the Church's need.
Staying at home.
Seeing that, I said to him, 'As you are going, Sir Hugh, I pray you to do me a favour.'.
Seeing that.
Certainly with two or three thousand men we can hardly expect to march to Paris and force the King of France to declare for our pope.
King of France to declare for our pope.
Seeing that the situation was bad they now ran forward, followed by four of their men-at-arms, the others having charge of the horses in the camp.
Seeing that the situation was bad they now ran forward, followed by four of their men-at-arms, the others having charge of the horses in the camp.
Leaning over, he shouted to the men on one of the ladders to descend and leave the ladder clear, as Sir Hugh was to be lowered down.
Leaning over.
The citizens are on guard there at night, and if they ask questions, as they may well do, my comrades will say that you are bearers of a message to the King of France to pray him to hasten to our aid.
King of France to pray him to hasten to our aid.
He took with him a pursuivant and trumpeter, and, riding through the English and Flemish men-at-arms, who were already engaged in carrying away the dead and wounded, he rode up to within a short distance of the wall, then the pursuivant and trumpeter advanced to the edge of the moat, and the latter blew a loud blast.
Riding through the English and Flemish men-at-arms, who were already engaged in carrying away the dead and wounded.
Nothing of this sort has been attempted.
Nothing of this sort has been attempted.
Before the King of France, things will assuredly go badly with the bishop.
King of France.
And the Winter wore away, and the bitter months went by, and the Spring of the year appeared, and the swallows came again.
Spring of the year appeared, and the swallows came again.
And presently they saw man's temples, silent and windowless, staring like empty skulls.
Staring like empty skulls.
Jumping out of the buggy he put Dorothy's suit-case under the seat and her bird-cage on the floor in front.
Jumping out of the buggy he put Dorothy's suit-case under the seat and her bird-cage on the floor in front.
They did not sink at all, owing to the virtues of the strange plant they had used, and when the buggy was in the middle of the stream the Wizard returned to the bank to assist Zeb and Jim.
Owing to the virtues of the strange plant they had used, and when the buggy was in the middle of the stream the Wizard returned to the bank to assist Zeb and Jim.
They did not sink at all, owing to the virtues of the strange plant they had used, and when the buggy was in the middle of the stream the Wizard returned to the bank to assist Zeb and Jim.
Owing to the virtues of the strange plant they had used, and when the buggy was in the middle of the stream the Wizard returned to the bank to assist Zeb and Jim.
Looking through this opening they could see the Valley of Voe lying far below them, the cottages seeming like toy houses from that distance.
Looking through this opening they could see the Valley of Voe lying far below them, the cottages seeming like toy houses from that distance.
King in the Land of Ev.
King in the Land of Ev.
King in the Land of Ev.er exchanging many friendly sentiments.
King in the Land of Ev.er exchanging many friendly sentiments.
Arriving at a spot where this path branched into two, Henry took the one that ran round the outskirts of the settlement towards the residence of Mr Mason, while his companion pursued the other which struck into the recesses of the mountains.
Arriving at a spot where this path branched into two.
Arriving at a spot where this path branched into two, Henry took the one that ran round the outskirts of the settlement towards the residence of Mr Mason, while his companion pursued the other which struck into the recesses of the mountains.onary, as Henry knocked at the door of his study.
Arriving at a spot where this path branched into two.
Everything in and about the settlement was eminently suggestive of peace.
Everything in and about the settlement was eminently suggestive of peace.
Hastening to the pastor's house, he found the child sound asleep on a sofa, and a savage standing over her with a spear in his hand.
Hastening to the pastor's house.
Remembering that he had left his pistol on the kitchen table, he darted round to the back door of the house, and secured it just as Alice awoke with a scream of surprise and terror, on beholding who was near her.
Remembering that he had left his pistol on the kitchen table.
Remembering that he had left his pistol on the kitchen table, he darted round to the back door of the house, and secured it just as Alice awoke with a scream of surprise and terror, on beholding who was near her.child, he levelled the pistol at his head and fired.
Remembering that he had left his pistol on the kitchen table.
Observing that the savages mustered for the final onset in a dense mass on an eminence which just raised their heads a little above.
Observing that the savages mustered for the final onset in a dense mass on an eminence which just raised their heads a little above.
Darting through the smoke and fire to his daughter's room he shouted her name, but no voice replied.
Darting through the smoke and fire to his daughter's room he shouted her name, but no voice replied.
Acting on this belief, with immense subtlety Bumpus uttered a cry of feigned terror, and fled, followed by the panting Corrie, who uttered a scream of real terror at what he supposed must be the veritable ghost of the place.
Acting on this belief, with immense subtlety Bumpus uttered a cry of feigned terror, and fled, followed by the panting Corrie, who uttered a scream of real terror at what he supposed must be the veritable ghost of the place.
Feeling that they had already delayed too long, they placed the prisoners on their shoulders and bore them swiftly away.
Feeling that they had already delayed too long.
Keona, foaming with rage, gave an angry order to his followers, who rushed upon Bumpus in a body as he was endeavouring to clear himself of the cords.
Foaming with rage.
Nodding to Montague's glance of inquiry, he said--.
Nodding to Montague's glance of inquiry.
Owing to the formation of the coast at this place, a powerful stream ran between the rock and this islet at low tide.
Owing to the formation of the coast at this place, a powerful stream ran between the rock and this islet at low tide.
Owing to the formation of the coast at this place, a powerful stream ran between the rock and this islet at low tide.hat time like a mill-race.
Owing to the formation of the coast at this place, a powerful stream ran between the rock and this islet at low tide.hat time like a mill-race.
Two of those deep narrow inlets, opening from opposite sides of the cape which lay close to the islet above referred to, had approached so close to each other at their upper extremities?
Opening from opposite sides of the cape which lay close to the islet above referred to.
Consequently he could not move any of his limbs, and he now lay on his side between Alice and Poopy, gazing with much earnestness and no little astonishment at the peculiar contortions of the latter.
Gazing with much earnestness and no little astonishment at the peculiar contortions of the latter.
The pirates, supposing that a band of savages were near them, lay close and did not venture forth until a prolonged silence and strong curiosity tempted them to creep, with slow movements and extreme caution, towards the place whence the sounds had proceeded.
Supposing that a band of savages were near them.
Then, trusting to the lead and to his knowledge of the general appearance of shallows, he steered carefully along until he cleared the reefs and finally stood out to sea.
Trusting to the lead and to his knowledge of the general appearance of shallows.
Recollecting that he had witnessed evidences of a friendly relation subsisting between Alice and Bumpus, Toozle straightway sought to pour the overflowing love and sorrow of his large little heart into the bosom of that supposed pirate.
Recollecting that he had witnessed evidences of a friendly relation subsisting between Alice and Bumpus.
Seeing that he was determined, Gascoyne agreed, and left the cutter, promising to send off the boat directly.
Seeing that he was determined.
Feeling that it would be impossible to exist much longer unless he could get quite out of the water so as to allow the sun to warm his chilled frame, he used what strength remained in him to drag towards him several spars that lay within his reach.
Feeling that it would be impossible to exist much longer unless he could get quite out of the water so as to allow the sun to warm his chilled frame.
Remembering for the first time that his low raft would be quite invisible at a very short distance.
Remembering for the first time that his low raft would be quite invisible at a very short distance.
Although the sea was not quite so still now, owing to the swell caused by the recent gale, it was quite as glassy as it was then.
Owing to the swell caused by the recent gale.
Coming down the hill immediately behind Sandy Cove at a breakneck scramble, Toozle happened to cross the path by which his mistress had ascended to her tree.
Coming down the hill immediately behind Sandy Cove at a breakneck scramble.
In later years I worship in the great cathedral church, ablaze with lights, verdant and fragrant with the evergreen pines, echoing with joyful carols and celestial harmonies.
Echoing with joyful carols and celestial harmonies.
In later years I worship in the great cathedral church, ablaze with lights, verdant and fragrant with the evergreen pines, echoing with joyful carols and celestial harmonies.y and ease.
Echoing with joyful carols and celestial harmonies.y and ease.
Christmas is one of the great days of obligation in the Church year, then as at Easter if at no other time, Christians should gather around the table of the Lord, kneeling before God's altar in the ministering of that Holy Communion which unites them with the past, the present, and the future--the communion of the saints of God's Holy Church with His Beloved Son.
Kneeling before God's altar in the ministering of that Holy Communion which unites them with the past, the present, and the future--the communion of the saints of God's Holy Church with His Beloved Son.
Christmas is one of the great days of obligation in the Church year, then as at Easter if at no other time, Christians should gather around the table of the Lord, kneeling before God's altar in the ministering of that Holy Communion which unites them with the past, the present, and the future--the communion of the saints of God's Holy Church with His Beloved Son.g of the Incarnation, then.
Kneeling before God's altar in the ministering of that Holy Communion which unites them with the past, the present, and the future--the communion of the saints of God's Holy Church with His Beloved Son.g of the Incarnation.
There is one God and though He is King of Kings and Lord of Lords, even though He may lie lowly in a manger, yet the kingdom of Heaven is like a republic--it is a democracy in which all are equal, or if there be distinctions they are based on righteousness alone--saving only the distinctions Divine.
King of Kings and Lord of Lords.
I am, like most ex-sailors, something of a needleman myself.
Something of a needleman myself.
At this Marian was fain to depart, seeing that Heppy was in one of her worst moods, when everything was a grievance.
Seeing that Heppy was in one of her worst moods, when everything was a grievance.
We notice it more, coming from our quiet little village.
Coming from our quiet little village.
We notice it more, coming from our quiet little village.s is the car we take.
Coming from our quiet little village.s is the car we take.
We might meet a princess in disguise, riding in her carriage and she might take us in with her.
Riding in her carriage and she might take us in with her.
Judging from that, he was not surprised that ten dollars exceeded the charitable fund of the philanthropist.
Judging from that.
Two young girls, passing by, noticed the blind man.
Passing by.
Two young girls, passing by, noticed the blind man.topped to inquire how long he had been blind.
Passing by.
Accordingly, returning to the room, he broached the subject.
Returning to the room.
Crossing to Third avenue he hailed a car, and rode down-town.
Crossing to Third avenue he hailed a car, and rode down-town.
Thinking that it might be some humble neighbor, on a borrowing expedition, Mrs. Morgan opened the door.
Thinking that it might be some humble neighbor, on a borrowing expedition.
There is an old trunk, belonging to your deceased father, in the attic.
Belonging to your deceased father, in the attic.
Admitting that you are right, I don't know that I have any right to object.
Admitting that you are right.
Emerging from the cave after their fruitless exploration, all three-- Karl, Caspar, and Ossaroo--sat down upon the rocks in front of the cliff, and for some time remained silent.
Emerging from the cave after their fruitless exploration, all three-- Karl.
Cowering in a corner, Fritz was now as quiet as if he had been born a voiceless dingo.
Cowering in a corner.
Crashing through the underwood, the monstrous creature soon cleared his body from the timber, and rushed straight across the open ground-- winding his terrible trumpet as he went.
Crashing through the underwood, the monstrous creature soon cleared his body from the timber, and rushed straight across the open ground-- winding his terrible trumpet as he went.
Crashing through the underwood, the monstrous creature soon cleared his body from the timber, and rushed straight across the open ground-- winding his terrible trumpet as he went.at the dog.
Crashing through the underwood, the monstrous creature soon cleared his body from the timber, and rushed straight across the open ground-- winding his terrible trumpet as he went.at the dog.
It was, that, standing upon such a limited surface--a pedestal whose diameter was but little over the length of his own feet--he found it exceedingly difficult to keep his balance.
Standing upon such a limited surface--a pedestal whose diameter was but little over the length of his own feet--he found it exceedingly difficult to keep his balance.
, pointing to the little round aperture, which did not appear to be over three inches in diameter.
Pointing to the little round aperture, which did not appear to be over three inches in diameter.
Perceiving after trial that this feat was beyond his power, he relaxed his hold, and then set about another experiment--that of pushing down the tree with his shoulder.
Perceiving after trial that this feat was beyond his power.
Acting upon this idea, he squatted close behind the bush, and commenced barking, as near as he could, a la kakur. CHAPTER THIRTY.
Acting upon this idea.
Glancing from one to the other, he appeared to seek sympathy from each in turn--from Karl, Caspar, and Ossaroo.
Glancing from one to the other.
Proceeding to the place, where the ladders were set, with the huge bird carried in the arms of Ossaroo, they made ready for its flight.
Proceeding to the place, where the ladders were set, with the huge bird carried in the arms of Ossaroo.
At length, passing behind the summit of the cliffs, it was no longer visible to the eyes of those who had aided it in its lofty flight, and then left it helplessly to fall.
Passing behind the summit of the cliffs.
Considering that it had caught hold on the very first trial, so many failures were regarded by our adventurers with some surprise.
Considering that it had caught hold on the very first trial, so many failures were regarded by our adventurers with some surprise.
Nothing of the sort.
Nothing of the sort.
Nothing of the sort.he long beak, with a quick clattering of its mandibles--which soon becoming closed again, were permitted to drop into their original position of repose.
Nothing of the sort.he long beak, with a quick clattering of its mandibles--which soon becoming closed again, were permitted to drop into their original position of repose.
Nothing of the sort.
Nothing of the sort.
Later, coming to America, he continued the publication of the FREIHEIT in New York, and developed great activity among the German workingmen.
Coming to America.
Owing to the suppression of the congress, the delegates were in danger of being expelled from France.
Owing to the suppression of the congress, the delegates were in danger of being expelled from France.
Nothing but failure and defeat, not even a single reform to ameliorate the economic and social stress of the people.
Nothing but failure and defeat, not even a single reform to ameliorate the economic and social stress of the people.
Desmoulins was like the trumpet before Jericho, razing to the ground that emblem of torture, of abuse, of horror, the Bastille.
Razing to the ground that emblem of torture, of abuse, of horror, the Bastille.
Nothing but ignorance and insane hysteria, which have never yet been able to solve the simplest problem of cause and effect.
Nothing but ignorance and insane hysteria, which have never yet been able to solve the simplest problem of cause and effect.
Nothing but ignorance and insane hysteria, which have never yet been able to solve the simplest problem of cause and effect.a free Republic killed!
Nothing but ignorance and insane hysteria, which have never yet been able to solve the simplest problem of cause and effect.a free Republic killed!
But there are others, on the contrary, who think, who study, and who, looking about them, discover social iniquities.
Looking about them.
According to him, entrance into the army abrogates the principles of the Declaration of Independence.
According to him.
According to the first indictment, which appeared in a Catholic paper in Madrid, signed by the Bishop and all the prelates of Barcelona, he was not even accused of participation.
According to the first indictment, which appeared in a Catholic paper in Madrid, signed by the Bishop and all the prelates of Barcelona.
Is it at all likely, is it at all plausible that Ferrer, knowing of the uprising, being a party to it, would in cold blood invite his friends and colleagues to Barcelona for the day on which he realized their lives would be endangered?
Knowing of the uprising, being a party to it, would in cold blood invite his friends and colleagues to Barcelona for the day on which he realized their lives would be endangered?
Nothing but gloom and mediocrity to dictate human conduct, curtail natural expression, and stifle our best impulses.
Nothing but gloom and mediocrity to dictate human conduct, curtail natural expression, and stifle our best impulses.
Nothing but gloom and mediocrity to dictate human conduct, curtail natural expression, and stifle our best impulses.as it was when it landed on Plymouth Rock.
Nothing but gloom and mediocrity to dictate human conduct, curtail natural expression, and stifle our best impulses.as it was when it landed on Plymouth Rock.
According to recent investigations along this line, seventeen abortions are committed in every hundred pregnancies.
According to recent investigations along this line, seventeen abortions are committed in every hundred pregnancies.
Considering that the writer did her business in a small city, that the amounts she gives do not include extra bribes and fines, one can readily see the tremendous revenue the police department derives from the blood money of its victims, whom it will not even protect.
Considering that the writer did her business in a small city, that the amounts she gives do not include extra bribes and fines.
Turning from it, presently, he moves slowly back towards the window, holding his head, as if he felt that it were going to burst, and stops under the window.
Turning from it, presently.
Above all, the modern drama, operating through the double channel of dramatist and interpreter, affecting as it does both mind and heart, is the strongest force in developing social discontent, swelling the powerful tide of unrest that sweeps onward and over the dam of ignorance, prejudice, and superstition.
Operating through the double channel of dramatist and interpreter, affecting as it does both mind and heart.
Dismounting from my horse, I secured him to a tree, and then stalked within twenty yards of the huge beast under cover of a large strong bush.
Dismounting from my horse.
Finding that rhinoceros were abundant in the vicinity, I resolved to halt a day for the purpose of hunting, and after an early breakfast, on the 6th, I rode south-east with the two Baquaines.
Finding that rhinoceros were abundant in the vicinity.
Dismounting from my horse, I commenced loading, but before this was accomplished she was off once more.
Dismounting from my horse.
Dismounting from my horse, I commenced loading, but before this was accomplished she was off once more.r, putting on my caps as I rode, and coming up alongside, I made a fine shot from the saddle, firing at the gallop.
Dismounting from my horse.
Finding that I gained upon her, she reduced her pace from a canter to a trot, carrying her tail stuck out behind her, and slewed a little to one side.
Finding that I gained upon her.
Returning from this chase, we had an adventure with another old bull buffalo, which shows the extreme danger of hunting buffaloes without dogs.
Returning from this chase.
A gentleman of my acquaintance, passing along a bridle path, observed a mouse running backwards and forwards, upon a fallen log, as if in great terror.
Passing along a bridle path.
Reining in this horse, he paused full ten minutes, and until the mouse disappeared on the farther side of the log.
Reining in this horse.
A young man, of some twenty years, passing along the road to school, on foot, was observed by some of his companions in the rear to pause suddenly and look down.
Passing along the road to school, on foot.
The emperor boa, or boa constrictor as well as all the others to which the name boa applies are, according to Cuvier, natives of America.
According to Cuvier.
This species, according to Seba, who describes it as Mexican, is the Temacuilcahuilia (or Tamacuilla Huilia, as Seba writes the word) described by Hernandez.
According to Seba, who describes it as Mexican.
There, adhering by the tail to some aquatic tree, they suffer the anterior part of the body to float upon the water, and patiently wait to seize upon the quadrupeds which come to drink.
Adhering by the tail to some aquatic tree.
There, adhering by the tail to some aquatic tree, they suffer the anterior part of the body to float upon the water, and patiently wait to seize upon the quadrupeds which come to drink.
Adhering by the tail to some aquatic tree.
In districts where game is abundant, they often construct their pits on a large scale, and erect hedges in the form of a crescent, extending to nearly a mile on either side of the pit.
Extending to nearly a mile on either side of the pit.
There were six large lions, about twelve or fifteen hyaenas, and from twenty to thirty jackals, feasting on and around the carcases of the three rhinoceroses.
Feasting on and around the carcases of the three rhinoceroses.
Of the whole family, consisting of eight persons, when the attack commenced, only three escaped.
Consisting of eight persons, when the attack commenced.
Owing to our proximity to the native village the wood was very scarce, the Bakalahari having burnt it all in their fires.
Owing to our proximity to the native village the wood was very scarce, the Bakalahari having burnt it all in their fires.
Kangarooing in Tasman's Peninsula is essentially a pedestrian sport.
Kangarooing in Tasman's Peninsula is essentially a pedestrian sport.
Outside the station of Flinders' Bay, we came upon a small limpid stream, brawling over a rocky bed, which seemed a suitable place to refresh the inner man with a sandwich, and a thimble full of Cognac.
Brawling over a rocky bed, which seemed a suitable place to refresh the inner man with a sandwich, and a thimble full of Cognac.
We were able to do ample justice to the the Alexander Selkirk of his post, reigning in solitary grandeur, for he had not a single associate within ten miles, could always boast of a well-stocked larder and cellar.
Reigning in solitary grandeur, for he had not a single associate within ten miles, could always boast of a well-stocked larder and cellar.
Over, abounding in fish, Stoped one hour where their was maney people assembled to See us, halted at an endented part of a Rock which juted over the water, Called by the french the tavern which is a Cave 40 yds.
Abounding in fish.
Over, abounding in fish, Stoped one hour where their was maney people assembled to See us, halted at an endented part of a Rock which juted over the water, Called by the french the tavern which is a Cave 40 yds.pirencing great dificuselty in passing Some Drifts) on the Stb Side, examined the mens arms found all in good order except the Detachment of Solds in the Perogue--R Field Killed a Deer.
Abounding in fish.
St. Side Keeping along the Lbd Side 1 Ms., passed the mouth of a Creek on Lbd Side 3 ms.,.
Keeping along the Lbd Side 1 Ms.
St. Side Keeping along the Lbd Side 1 Ms., passed the mouth of a Creek on Lbd Side 3 ms.,jects into the river, Camped in the mouth of the Creek aforesaid, at the mouth of this Creek I saw much fresh Signs of Indians, haveing Crossed 2 Deer Killed to day.
Keeping along the Lbd Side 1 Ms.
A Short distance above the mouth of this Creek, is Several Courious Paintings and Carveing in the projecting rock of Limestone inlade with white red & blue flint, of a verry good quallity, the Indians have taken of this flint great quantities.
Carveing in the projecting rock of Limestone inlade with white red & blue flint, of a verry good quallity, the Indians have taken of this flint great quantities.
Once the Most Noumerous is now almost extinct, about 30 of them, liveing with Otteaus on the R. Platt, the remainder all distroyed, took altd.
Liveing with Otteaus on the R. Platt, the remainder all distroyed.
Of Deer on the banks, Skipping in every derection, the party Killed nine Bucks on the river & Bank to day, The Countrey on the S. S. between the Shoal River & Missouris is indifferent Subject to overflow, that below and on the L. S. is high & appers well timbered,.
Skipping in every derection, the party Killed nine Bucks on the river & Bank to day, The Countrey on the S. S. between the Shoal River & Missouris is indifferent Subject to overflow, that below and on the L. S. is high & appers well timbered,.
Growing like a Comn.
Growing like a Comn.
Sunday 1804 Set out verry early with a view of Getting to Some Situation above in time to take equal altitudes and take Observations, as well as one.
Getting to Some Situation above in time to take equal altitudes and take Observations.
The late King of the mahar who Died 4 years ago & 400 of his nation with the Small pox was buried (1) and went up and fixed a white flag bound with Blue white & read on the Grave which was about 12 foot Base & circueller, on the top of a Penical about 300 foot above the water of the river, from the top of this hill may be Seen the bends or meanderings of the river for 60 or 70 miles round & all the County around the base of this high land.
King of the mahar who Died 4 years ago & 400 of his nation with the Small pox was buried (1) and went up and fixed a white flag bound with Blue white & read on the Grave which was about 12 foot Base & circueller, on the top of a Penical about 300 foot above the water of the river, from the top of this hill may be Seen the bends or meanderings of the river for 60 or 70 miles round & all the County around the base of this high land.
The wind Setting from that point, blew the Smoke from that pt. over our Camp.
Setting from that point.
An elk Standing on a Sand bar.
Standing on a Sand bar.
Saw Elk Standing on the Sand bar.
Standing on the Sand bar.
The othe Cheif Said but little one of the warreirshe Chiefs, the promisd to go and See their Great father in the Spring with Mr. Dorion, and to do all things we had advised them to do.
Spring with Mr. Dorion, and to do all things we had advised them to do.
Som knives Tobaco & belts & tape & Binding with which they wer.
Binding with which they wer.
(1) Commenceing on the river opsid the Good Mans Island, first Course from the river is S. 76d W.
Commenceing on the river opsid the Good Mans Island.
Consisting of 2 buffalow, one large Buck Elk one Small, 4 Deer 3 Turkeys & a Squirel, I joined the boat at this Camp.
Consisting of 2 buffalow, one large Buck Elk one Small, 4 Deer 3 Turkeys & a Squirel.
He was 12 days without provision, Subsisting on Grapes at the Same the Buffalow, would Come within 30 yards of his Camp, one of his horses gave out & he left him before his last belluts were Consumed.
Subsisting on Grapes at the Same the Buffalow, would Come within 30 yards of his Camp, one of his horses gave out & he left him before his last belluts were Consumed.
Of this Island, the 1st of the 3 rivers mouths which is about 35 yards wide, running from the N E. one mile above the 2nd.
Running from the N E. one mile above the 2nd.
A wood at a Spring in the bend to the L. S.
Spring in the bend to the L. S.
Swiming across the river out of which we killed four they were not fatt.
Swiming across the river out of which we killed four they were not fatt.
The boys in the water Swiming amongst the goats & Killing them with Sticks, and then hauling them to the Shore those on Shore Kept them in the water, I saw.
Swiming amongst the goats & Killing them with Sticks, and then hauling them to the Shore those on Shore Kept them in the water.
Saw Great numbers of Goats on the S. S. Comeing to the river our hunters Killed 4 of them.
Comeing to the river our hunters Killed 4 of them.
Saw Great numbers of Goats on the S. S. Comeing to the river.
Comeing to the river.
The Snow is deep and it is Cold, our horses Cannot Travel thro the plains in pursute--If you will go and conduct us in the Spring after the Snow is gorn, we will assemble all the warriers & Brave men in all the villages and go with you.
Spring after the Snow is gorn.
Saw great numbers of Buffalow Comeing into the Bottoms on both Sides of the river.
Comeing into the Bottoms on both Sides of the river.
Saw great numbers of Buffalow Comeing into the Bottoms on both Sides of the riverst bit my Servents feet also frosted & his P-s a little, I feel a little fatigued haveing run after the Buffalow all day in Snow many Places 10 inches.
Comeing into the Bottoms on both Sides of the riverst bit my Servents feet also frosted & his P-s a little.
--he Saw the Grand Chief of the Big bellies who Spoke Slightly of the Americans, Saying if we would give our great flag to him he would Come to See us.
Saying if we would give our great flag to him he would Come to See us.
Comeing on obliged us to leave her in a Situation but little advanced-.
Comeing on obliged us to leave her in a Situation but little advanced-.
The Plains are on fire in view of the fort on both Sides of the River, it is Said to be common for the Indians to burn the Plains near their villages every Spring for the benifit of ther horse, and to induce the Buffalow to come near to them.
Spring for the benifit of ther horse, and to induce the Buffalow to come near to them.
We gave him a certificate of his good Conduct & a Small Medal, a Carrot of Tobacco and a String of Wompom--he requested that one of his men who was lame might decend in the boat to their nation and returned to the Mandans well.
String of Wompom--he requested that one of his men who was lame might decend in the boat to their nation and returned to the Mandans well.
It's navigation is extreemly difficult, owing to it's rapidity, shoals and sand bars.
Owing to it's rapidity.
The nails are black and short, that of the middle toe is extreemly singular, consisting of two nails the one laping on or overlaying the other, the upper one somewhat the longest and sharpest.
Consisting of two nails the one laping on or overlaying the other, the upper one somewhat the longest and sharpest.
The water of this river possesses a peculiar whiteness, being about the colour of a cup of tea with the admixture of a tablespoonful) of milk.
Being about the colour of a cup of tea with the admixture of a tablespoonful) of milk.
Supposing that Drewyer and R. Fields might possibly be still higher up medicine river, I dispatched J. Fields up the river with orders to proceede about four miles and then return whether he found them or not and join Shannon at this camp.
Supposing that Drewyer and R. Fields might possibly be still higher up medicine river.
I Saw the poles Standing in thir position of a verry large lodge of 60 feet Diamater, & the appearance of a number of Leather Lodges about, this Sign was old & appeared to have been last fall great number of buffalow.
Standing in thir position of a verry large lodge of 60 feet Diamater, & the appearance of a number of Leather Lodges about, this Sign was old & appeared to have been last fall great number of buffalow.
I Saw the poles Standing in thir position of a verry large lodge of 60 feet Diamater, & the appearance of a number of Leather Lodges about, this Sign was old & appeared to have been last fall great number of buffalowwide & Deep Crouded with Islands & Crooked Some Scattering timber on its edge Such as Cotton wood Cotton willow, willow and box elder, the Srubs are arrow wod, red wood, Choke Cherry, red berries, Goose beries, Sarvis burey, red & yellow Currents a Spcie of Shomake &c.
Standing in thir position of a verry large lodge of 60 feet Diamater, & the appearance of a number of Leather Lodges about, this Sign was old & appeared to have been last fall great number of buffalowwide & Deep Crouded with Islands & Crooked Some Scattering timber on its edge Such as Cotton wood Cotton willow.
The Cause of this Smoke I can't account for certainlyeard the Shooting of the Partey below and Set the Praries or Valey on fire to allarm their Camps.
Shooting of the Partey below and Set the Praries or Valey on fire to allarm their Camps.
Thro a Deep Vallie without a Tree to Shade us Scorching with heat to the men who had killed a pore Deer.
Scorching with heat to the men who had killed a pore Deer.
Thro a Deep Vallie without a Tree to Shade us Scorching with heat to the men who had killed a pore Deer pears.
Scorching with heat to the men who had killed a pore Deer pears.
The land is tolerably fertile, consisting of a black or dark yellow loam, and covered with grass from 9 Inches to 2 feet high.
Consisting of a black or dark yellow loam, and covered with grass from 9 Inches to 2 feet high.
They are excessive pore, nothing but horses there Enemies which are noumerous on account of there horses & Defenceless Situation, have Deprived them of tents and all the Small Conveniances of life.
Nothing but horses there Enemies which are noumerous on account of there horses & Defenceless Situation.
The Arborvita is also common and grows to an immence size, being from 2 to 6 feet in diameter.
Being from 2 to 6 feet in diameter.
Finding that those people gave no provisions to day we deturmined to purchase with our Small articles of merchindize, accord we purchased all we could, Such as roots dried, in bread, & in ther raw State, Berris of red Haws & Fish and in the evening Set out and proceeded on to the 2d Village 2 miles dist.
Finding that those people gave no provisions to day we deturmined to purchase with our Small articles of merchindize.
Our men nearly all Complaining of ther bowels, a heaviness at the Stomach & Lax,.
Complaining of ther bowels, a heaviness at the Stomach & Lax,.
They make great use of Swetting.return Something for everything give as presents or the Survices which they doe.
Something for everything give as presents or the Survices which they doe.
The Great Chief and one of the Chim-na pum nation drew me a Sketch of the Columbia above and the tribes of his nation, living on the bank, and its waters, and the Tape tett river which falls in 18 miles above on the westerly side See Sketch below for the number of villages and nations &c. &c. We thought it necessary to lay in a Store of Provisions for our voyage, and the fish being out of Season, we purchased forty dogs for which we gave articles of little value, Such as bells, thimbles, knitting pins, brass wire & a few beeds all of which they appeared well Satisfied and pleased.
Living on the bank, and its waters, and the Tape tett river which falls in 18 miles above on the westerly side See Sketch below for the number of villages and nations &c. &c. We thought it necessary to lay in a Store of Provisions for our voyage, and the fish being out of Season.
The Great Chief and one of the Chim-na pum nation drew me a Sketch of the Columbia above and the tribes of his nation, living on the bank, and its waters, and the Tape tett river which falls in 18 miles above on the westerly side See Sketch below for the number of villages and nations &c. &c. We thought it necessary to lay in a Store of Provisions for our voyage, and the fish being out of Season, we purchased forty dogs for which we gave articles of little value, Such as bells, thimbles, knitting pins, brass wire & a few beeds all of which they appeared well Satisfied and pleased.our leave of the Chiefs and all those about us and proceeded on down the great Columbia river passed a large Island at 8 miles about 3 miles in length, a Island on the Stard.
Living on the bank, and its waters, and the Tape tett river which falls in 18 miles above on the westerly side See Sketch below for the number of villages and nations &c. &c. We thought it necessary to lay in a Store of Provisions for our voyage, and the fish being out of Season.
The 2d Chief we gave a String of wampom, his name is.
String of wampom.
The 3d who lives below a String of Wampom his name I did not learn.
String of Wampom his name I did not learn.
We gave a Medal, a Handkercheif & a String of Wompom to Yelleppit and a String of wompom to each of the others.
String of Wompom to Yelleppit and a String of wompom to each of the others.
We gave a Medal, a Handkercheif & a String of Wompom to Yelleppit and a String of wompom to each of the others.enance about 35 years of age, about 5 feet 8 inches high and well perpotiond.
String of Wompom to Yelleppit and a String of wompom to each of the others.enance about 35 years of age.
Tomahawk which They were Smoking with.
Smoking with.
I observe great numbers of Sea guls, flying in every derection--.
Flying in every derection--.
As the tide was Comeing in and the Seas became verry high imediately from the Ocian (imediately faceing us).
Comeing in and the Seas became verry high imediately from the Ocian (imediately faceing us).
After Dineing on the remains of our Small Deer I proceeded through over a land S E with Some Ponds to the bay distance about 2 miles, thence up to the mouth of Chinnook river 2 miles, crossed this little river in the Canoe we left at its mouth and Encamped on the upper Side in an open Sandy bottom--The hills next to the bay Cape disapointment to a Short distance up the Chinnook river is not verry high thickly Coverd. with different Species of pine &c. maney of which are large, I observed in maney places pine of 3 or 4 feet through growing on the bodies of large trees which had fallen down, and covered with moss and yet part Sound.
Dineing on the remains of our Small Deer I proceeded through over a land S E with Some Ponds to the bay distance about 2 miles.
After Dineing on the remains of our Small Deer I proceeded through over a land S E with Some Ponds to the bay distance about 2 miles, thence up to the mouth of Chinnook river 2 miles, crossed this little river in the Canoe we left at its mouth and Encamped on the upper Side in an open Sandy bottom--The hills next to the bay Cape disapointment to a Short distance up the Chinnook river is not verry high thickly Coverd. with different Species of pine &c. maney of which are large, I observed in maney places pine of 3 or 4 feet through growing on the bodies of large trees which had fallen down, and covered with moss and yet part Sound.
Dineing on the remains of our Small Deer I proceeded through over a land S E with Some Ponds to the bay distance about 2 miles.
The orniments are beeds, Blue principally, large Brass wire around their rists Som rings, and maney men have Salors Clothes, many have good fusees & Ball & Powder--The women ware a String of Something curious tied tight above the anckle, all have large Swelled legs & thighs The men Small legs & thighs and Generally badly made--They live on.
String of Something curious tied tight above the anckle, all have large Swelled legs & thighs The men Small legs & thighs and Generally badly made--They live on.
Crouding about the mens Shelters to day, we purchased a fiew wappato roots for which we gave armbans, & rings to the old Squar, those roots are equal to the Irish potato, and is a tolerable Substitute for bread.
Crouding about the mens Shelters to day.
Complaining of violent Coalds.
Complaining of violent Coalds.
I gave a 2d Chief a String of wampom, and Sent a little pounded fish to Cus-ca-lah who was Sick in the village & could not come to See us.
String of wampom, and Sent a little pounded fish to Cus-ca-lah who was Sick in the village & could not come to See us.
Sides Sliping from emins ravins which appears to  proceeded on to the mouth of a Creek about 80 yards wide at which Place.
Sliping from emins ravins which appears to  proceeded on to the mouth of a Creek about 80 yards wide at which Place.
Sides Sliping from emins ravins which appears to  proceeded on to the mouth of a Creek about 80 yards wide at which Place on a Short distance to the whales which was nothing more than the Sceleton, of 105 feet long, we took out a few bones and returned to the Cabins at the mouth of the Creek, and attempted to trade with thos people who I found Close and Capricious, would not trade the Smallest piece except they thought they got an advantage of the bargain, their disposition is averitious, & independant in trade, they offered to trade for Elk of which we had not I purchased some oile and about 120 w of Blubber after rendered, finding they would not trade I Deturmined to return home with what we have The Houses of these people appear temporary a ridge pole on 2 forks Supported a Certain number of Split boards of the red Cedar & pine, Set on the end the gable ends of the Same materials and Calculated for 2 families first, The Dress and appearenc of the nativs as also the language is procisely that of the Clopsots & Chinnooks, those people Save their oile in bladder Guts &c.
Sliping from emins ravins which appears to  proceeded on to the mouth of a Creek about 80 yards wide at which Place on a Short distance to the whales which was nothing more than the Sceleton, of 105 feet long.
Sides Sliping from emins ravins which appears to  proceeded on to the mouth of a Creek about 80 yards wide at which Place on a Short distance to the whales which was nothing more than the Sceleton, of 105 feet long, we took out a few bones and returned to the Cabins at the mouth of the Creek, and attempted to trade with thos people who I found Close and Capricious, would not trade the Smallest piece except they thought they got an advantage of the bargain, their disposition is averitious, & independant in trade, they offered to trade for Elk of which we had not I purchased some oile and about 120 w of Blubber after rendered, finding they would not trade I Deturmined to return home with what we have The Houses of these people appear temporary a ridge pole on 2 forks Supported a Certain number of Split boards of the red Cedar & pine, Set on the end the gable ends of the Same materials and Calculated for 2 families first, The Dress and appearenc of the nativs as also the language is procisely that of the Clopsots & Chinnooks, those people Save their oile in bladder Guts &c.res by the Seas & left by the tide.
Sliping from emins ravins which appears to  proceeded on to the mouth of a Creek about 80 yards wide at which Place on a Short distance to the whales which was nothing more than the Sceleton, of 105 feet long.
Was Comeing in.
Comeing in.
Comencing at the extremity of the feather which form the first or main Covert of the wing.
Comencing at the extremity of the feather which form the first or main Covert of the wing.
Fearing that our meat would Spoil we Set Six men to jurking it to day, which they are obliged to perform in a house under shelter from the repeated rains.
Fearing that our meat would Spoil we Set Six men to jurking it to day, which they are obliged to perform in a house under shelter from the repeated rains.
Their Colour is a jut Black except a Small Spot of white on the breast.d Something like the turnspit.
Something like the turnspit.
Fort Clatsop, consisting of geese, ducks, large swan, and Sandhill crams.
Consisting of geese.
So much that the womin and children took Shelter in their beads and behind the men, all this time a very old blind man was Speaking with great vehemunce, appearently imploreing his gode.
Speaking with great vehemunce.
Ordway and a party to assist Sergt.inging in the meat of four Elk which he had dryed.
Sergt.inging in the meat of four Elk which he had dryed.
These people carry on a trafic with the Killamucks of the coast across the mountains and by way of the Killamucks river from the Killamucks they obtain their train oil.iver, commencing at the lower extremity of the Image canoe Islands are as follows.
Commencing at the lower extremity of the Image canoe Islands are as follows.
Something for her back.
Something for her back.
They are poor, dirty, proud, haughty, inhospitable, parsimonious and faithless in every rispect, nothing but.
Nothing but.
Crouding in and breaking our order of March without useing.
Crouding in and breaking our order of March without useing.
So as to form two Strings about 20 inches in length as a lash, to the other end a String passed through a hole and fastened at each end for a loope to Slip over the wrist.
Strings about 20 inches in length as a lash, to the other end a String passed through a hole and fastened at each end for a loope to Slip over the wrist.
Us that it was Snowing on the leavel plains on the top of the hill all the time it was raining in the bottom at our Camp.
Snowing on the leavel plains on the top of the hill all the time it was raining in the bottom at our Camp.
These animals form large ascociations as those of the Missouri, occupying with their burroughs one or sometimes 200 acres of land.
Occupying with their burroughs one or sometimes 200 acres of land.
These animals form large ascoations as those of the Missouri, occupying with their burroughs one or Sometimes 200 acres of Land.
Occupying with their burroughs one or Sometimes 200 acres of Land.
These animals form large ascoations as those of the Missouri, occupying with their burroughs one or Sometimes 200 acres of Land.each occupyed perhaps by 10 or 12 of those Animals.
Occupying with their burroughs one or Sometimes 200 acres of Land.each occupyed perhaps by 10 or 12 of those Animals.
I find that all the Salmon which they precure themselves they obtain on Lewis's river, and the distance thither is too great for us to think of Sending after them, even had we merchendize with which to purchase the salmon.-.
Sending after them.
Obtain Some Size in the Spring of the year.
Spring of the year.
Capt Lewis with this Crusat and Several other men were out in the bottom Shooting of Elk, and had Scattered in a thick part of the woods in pursute of the Elk.
Shooting of Elk, and had Scattered in a thick part of the woods in pursute of the Elk.
What they were Shooting at, they informed me that they were Shooting off their guns at an old Keg which we had thrown out of one of the Canoes and was floating down.
Shooting at.
Our party entirely out of provisions Subsisting on poppaws.
Subsisting on poppaws.
Leaning on Ramoo's arm, Colonel Thorndyke made his way into the house, and when the Hindoo had arranged the cushions of the sofa, took his place there in a half reclining position.
Leaning on Ramoo's arm.
Thinking that his brother was a little light headed, John Thorndyke went into the next room, and returned, saying gravely that no one was there.
Thinking that his brother was a little light headed.
The closest shave, though, was when George, coming down the country, was pounced upon by a tiger and carried off.
Coming down the country.
Their two leaders, however, and some twenty of their followers, keeping in a close body, rushed at the line of soldiers with clubbed muskets, and with the suddenness and fury of the rush burst their way through the line, and then scattering, fled across the country, pursued by a dropping fire of musketry.
Keeping in a close body.
He did not notice his horse particularly, seeing that it was such as a small squire or farmer might ride.
Seeing that it was such as a small squire or farmer might ride.
There is no doubt these housebreakers generally find out what chance there is of resistance, and, hearing that we were both away, may have decided on making an attempt.
Hearing that we were both away, may have decided on making an attempt.
The cashier, looking at the number, found that it was one of those that had been stolen from a passenger by one of the south coaches several months ago.
Looking at the number.
And, beginning with the arrival of Colonel Thorndyke at his place, he repeated the conversation that he had had with him.
Beginning with the arrival of Colonel Thorndyke at his place.
As they did so there was a rush, and eight powerful men ran in, knocking to the floor those who had opened the door.
Knocking to the floor those who had opened the door.
Presently, moving about among them, he got next to Gibbons.
Moving about among them.
Our young hero, finding that his services were not required for the present, began to explore the city.
Finding that his services were not required for the present.
Hunter, scanning over hero's youthful face.
Scanning over hero's youthful face.
He did not care to retain Ki Sing in his employment for any length of time, and made up his mind to dismiss him early the next mornng, say, at four o'clock, before the miners had thrown off the chains of sleep.
Sing in his employment for any length of time, and made up his mind to dismiss him early the next mornng, say, at four o'clock, before the miners had thrown off the chains of sleep.
He ran, crying to his mother, and his version of the story was believed.
Crying to his mother, and his version of the story was believed.
Leonard, bearing in mind his uncle's request, had not mentioned his name to Mr. Stark, and.
Bearing in mind his uncle's request.
According to Mr. Thorndike's advice, he transferred them to his pocket, and substituted folded paper.
According to Mr. Thorndike's advice.
Waiting till the sound came nearer, he ventured to raise his head for an instant above the top of the wall.
Waiting till the sound came nearer.
Miss Norris seems to have a great deal of confidence in me, considering that I am a stranger.
Considering that I am a stranger.
Looking at his shabby and ragged suit, Carl could readily believe this statement.
Looking at his shabby and ragged suit.
He was barely five feet six inches in height, with features decidedly plain, but with an absence of pretension that was creditable to him, considering that he was really what he purported to be.
Considering that he was really what he purported to be.
Returning to the hotel, Lord Bedford ordered a carriage, and invited Atwood and Carl to accompany him on a drive.
Returning to the hotel.
Returning to the hotel, Lord Bedford ordered a carriage, and invited Atwood and Carl to accompany him on a drive.f his intimate friend, Lord Bedford, of England.
Returning to the hotel.
Living as he did at a cheap boarding house, the prospect of a supper at a first-class hotel was very attractive.
Living as he did at a cheap boarding house, the prospect of a supper at a first-class hotel was very attractive.
Went out, taking with him, as Harry felt, the last link to England.
Taking with him, as Harry felt, the last link to England.
Passing through the doorway, Harry found himself in a spacious hall, decorated with armour and arms.
Passing through the doorway.
Seeing at a glance that his daughters were untouched, the marquis ran on to Harry, who was standing panting and breathless, and threw his arms round him.
Seeing at a glance that his daughters were untouched, the marquis ran on to Harry, who was standing panting and breathless, and threw his arms round him.
Emerging from the shelter, a few steps took them to the gate, and stepping over the door, which lay prostrate on the ground, they turned into the lane.
Emerging from the shelter, a few steps took them to the gate, and stepping over the door, which lay prostrate on the ground.
Seeing that it was safe now to proceed, Harry returned to his companions.
Seeing that it was safe now to proceed.
Sauntering along Harry stopped near enough to one of these to hear what they were saying.
Sauntering along Harry stopped near enough to one of these to hear what they were saying.
The deputies, learning from the landlord that only an old woman and her nieces inhabited the upper story, and having a heavy task before them, had only paid a short visit to the room, and had left after asking Louise one or two questions.
Learning from the landlord that only an old woman and her nieces inhabited the upper story, and having a heavy task before them.
The deputies, learning from the landlord that only an old woman and her nieces inhabited the upper story, and having a heavy task before them, had only paid a short visit to the room, and had left after asking Louise one or two questions., thinking it better that the girls should appear as little as possible in the streets.
Learning from the landlord that only an old woman and her nieces inhabited the upper story, and having a heavy task before them.
The 2d of September Victor de Gisons was, as usual, waiting near the door when Harry left Louise Moulin's.
Waiting near the door when Harry left Louise Moulin's.
They took the clothes up to Harry's room, agreeing that Louise could easily buy the rest of the garments required for the marquise as soon as she was free, but they decided to say nothing about the attempt that was about to be made until it was over, as it would cause an anxiety which the old woman would probably be unable to conceal from the girls.
Agreeing that Louise could easily buy the rest of the garments required for the marquise as soon as she was free, but they decided to say nothing about the attempt that was about to be made until it was over, as it would cause an anxiety which the old woman would probably be unable to conceal from the girls.
They took the clothes up to Harry's room, agreeing that Louise could easily buy the rest of the garments required for the marquise as soon as she was free, but they decided to say nothing about the attempt that was about to be made until it was over, as it would cause an anxiety which the old woman would probably be unable to conceal from the girls.ttle distance away in order that their connection should be unobserved, and that, should one be arrested, no suspicion would follow the other.
Agreeing that Louise could easily buy the rest of the garments required for the marquise as soon as she was free, but they decided to say nothing about the attempt that was about to be made until it was over, as it would cause an anxiety which the old woman would probably be unable to conceal from the girls.ttle distance away in order that their connection should be unobserved, and that, should one be arrested, no suspicion would follow the other.
Passing through several streets the man entered a small house and carried Victor to the attic and laid him on a bed, then he carefully closed the door and struck a light.
Passing through several streets the man entered a small house and carried Victor to the attic and laid him on a bed, then he carefully closed the door and struck a light.
However, saying to himself that he had at any rate a few days before him, he resolutely put the matter aside, to be thought over when he was alone, and proceeded with his work.
Saying to himself that he had at any rate a few days before him.
So, trembling with loathing and disgust, she had followed him, resolved that if Harry's plan to rescue her failed she would kill herself rather than be the wife of this man.
Trembling with loathing and disgust.
I should never sleep again if, owing to me, they fell into the hands of these monsters.'.
Owing to me.
If you will write a letter to your sister in Paris, saying that you and the other two have reached England in safety, I will when I return send it by sure hand to Paris.
Saying that you and the other two have reached England in safety.
A few days later, however, Count Thurn, marching through Moravia and Upper Austria, laid siege to Vienna.
Marching through Moravia and Upper Austria.
Finding that he was unable to land, he sailed north, landed at Trondheim, and marching over the Norwegian Alps reached Stockholm in safety, where the appearance of his reinforcements discouraged the Danes and enabled Gustavus to raise the siege.
Finding that he was unable to land.
Landing on the 24th of June with an army in all of 15,000 infantry, 2000 cavalry, and about 3000 artillery, he had, after despatching troops to aid Munro and besiege Colberg, marched against the Imperialists under Conti.
Landing on the 24th of June with an army in all of 15,000 infantry, 2000 cavalry, and about 3000 artillery.
Spinola, hearing of their approach pushed forward with a strong force to intercept them, and so came upon them at Fleurus, eight miles from Namur, on the 30th of August, 1622.
Hearing of their approach pushed forward with a strong force to intercept them, and so came upon them at Fleurus, eight miles from Namur, on the 30th of August, 1622.
Climbing on the roof of this he got upon the wall, and ran along it until behind the house of the syndic.
Climbing on the roof of this he got upon the wall, and ran along it until behind the house of the syndic.
Rushing to the wine casks, the soldiers appeased their thirst with long draughts of wine, and then fell upon the eatables.
Rushing to the wine casks, the soldiers appeased their thirst with long draughts of wine, and then fell upon the eatables.
Hepburn, leading on the pikemen, was hit on the knee, where he had in a former battle been badly wounded.
Leading on the pikemen.
Turning from the direction in which the horses had disturbed the camp, he made his way cautiously along.
Turning from the direction in which the horses had disturbed the camp.
Moving about through the village he heard a sound of wild laughter, and going in that direction saw a woman sitting on the ground.
Moving about through the village he heard a sound of wild laughter, and going in that direction saw a woman sitting on the ground.
I am a Scotch officer in the army of the King of Sweden.
King of Sweden.
Proceeding for nearly two miles through a wood he came suddenly upon Glogau.
Proceeding for nearly two miles through a wood he came suddenly upon Glogau.
Proceeding for nearly two miles through a wood he came suddenly upon Glogau.tivated fields lay around it.
Proceeding for nearly two miles through a wood he came suddenly upon Glogau.tivated fields lay around it.
Owing to the unhealthiness of the district round Old Brandenburg, Gustavus raised his camp there, and marched forward to Werben near the junction of the Elbe with the Havel.
Owing to the unhealthiness of the district round Old Brandenburg.
Fearing that the burghers might fire before waiting to ascertain who were the newcomers, Malcolm halted his band, and advanced alone towards the walls.
Fearing that the burghers might fire before waiting to ascertain who were the newcomers.
Not only was the reinforcement a most welcome one, small as it was, for the valour of the Scottish soldiers of the King of Sweden was at that time the talk of all Germany, but the fact that a detachment of these redoubted troops had arrived seemed a proof that the main army of the Swedish king could not be far away.
King of Sweden was at that time the talk of all Germany, but the fact that a detachment of these redoubted troops had arrived seemed a proof that the main army of the Swedish king could not be far away.
As to my height, I have some years to grow yet, seeing that I am scarce eighteen, and perhaps no older than your cousin.
Seeing that I am scarce eighteen, and perhaps no older than your cousin.
Tilly, finding that the position of Gustavus was too strong to be forced, retired to Wolmirstadt, whence he summoned the Elector of Saxony to admit his army into his country, and either to disband the Saxon army or to unite it to his own.
Finding that the position of Gustavus was too strong to be forced.
Tilly, finding that the position of Gustavus was too strong to be forced, retired to Wolmirstadt, whence he summoned the Elector of Saxony to admit his army into his country, and either to disband the Saxon army or to unite it to his own.he slightest movement of his army would have saved Magdeburg.
Finding that the position of Gustavus was too strong to be forced.
Travelling by different routes in two columns the army marched to Wurtzburg, the capital of Franconia, a rich and populous city, the Imperialist garrison having withdrawn to the strong castle of Marienburg, on a lofty eminence overlooking the town, and only separated from it by the river Maine.
Travelling by different routes in two columns the army marched to Wurtzburg, the capital of Franconia, a rich and populous city, the Imperialist garrison having withdrawn to the strong castle of Marienburg, on a lofty eminence overlooking the town, and only separated from it by the river Maine.
The night will be dark, and the Spaniards, believing that we have no boats, will not keep a very strict watch.
Believing that we have no boats, will not keep a very strict watch.
Knowing that it was possible that their strength might give out before they reached the opposite side, Malcolm had had two pairs of small casks lashed two feet apart.
Knowing that it was possible that their strength might give out before they reached the opposite side.
The governor of the fort, seeing that if, as was certain, the lower town were captured by the Swedes, he should be cut off from all communication with the castle and completely isolated, surrendered to Sir John Hepburn.
Seeing that if, as was certain, the lower town were captured by the Swedes.
The governor of the fort, seeing that if, as was certain, the lower town were captured by the Swedes, he should be cut off from all communication with the castle and completely isolated, surrendered to Sir John Hepburn.
Seeing that if, as was certain, the lower town were captured by the Swedes.
Finding that at every point at which a crossing could be easily effected.
Finding that at every point at which a crossing could be easily effected.
Breda, hearing that Tilly was dying, Altringer severely wounded, and that no help was to be expected from Maximilian, considered it hopeless to resist, and surrendered the town, which Gustavus, attended by the titular King of Bohemia and many other princes, entered in triumph on the following day, April 14th.
Hearing that Tilly was dying.
Looking through the bushes he could see by their figures against the snow that they were peasants, and had no doubt that they were the men of the village who had returned and at once started in pursuit of him.
Looking through the bushes he could see by their figures against the snow that they were peasants, and had no doubt that they were the men of the village who had returned and at once started in pursuit of him.
Springing to his feet he looked out between the cracks in the boards and saw a party of forty or fifty peasants passing close by the shed.
Springing to his feet he looked out between the cracks in the boards and saw a party of forty or fifty peasants passing close by the shed.
The peasants, believing that they were attacked by a strong body, fled precipitately in all directions.
Believing that they were attacked by a strong body.
Looking over, Malcolm saw that six or seven men had been struck down.
Looking over.
Striding through the still hot ashes the leader of the woodmen passed through the doorway and advanced up the stairs.
Striding through the still hot ashes the leader of the woodmen passed through the doorway and advanced up the stairs.
Finding that two were well able to hold the door, Malcolm with the other ran up to the top of the tower, and toppled over the stones of the parapet upon the mass gathered around the door.
Finding that two were well able to hold the door.
Malcolm, finding that no movement was being made towards the front, and that at present he could do nothing from his loophole, ran up to the top of the tower and took his place by the soldier who was lying down on the roof and looking over the edge.
Finding that no movement was being made towards the front, and that at present he could do nothing from his loophole.
Marching with all haste he arrived at Nuremberg before Wallenstein reached it, and prepared at once for the defence of the city.
Marching with all haste he arrived at Nuremberg before Wallenstein reached it, and prepared at once for the defence of the city.
Round this Wallenstein threw up a circle of defences, consisting of a ditch behind which was an interlacement of forest trees, baggage wagons, and gabions, forming an almost insurpassable obstacle to an attacking force.
Consisting of a ditch behind which was an interlacement of forest trees.
The centre, consisting of four brigades of infantry supported by the Scottish regiments under Henderson, was commanded by Nicholas Brahe, Count of Weissenburg.
Consisting of four brigades of infantry supported by the Scottish regiments under Henderson.
Leaving to Count Stalhaus to continue to press the enemy, Gustavus, accompanied by his staff, rode at full gallop to the left at the head of Steinboch's regiment of dragoons.
Leaving to Count Stalhaus to continue to press the enemy.
In the darkness, Wallenstein drew off his army and fell back to Leipzig, leaving behind him his colours and all his guns.
Leaving behind him his colours and all his guns.
Owing to some impertinent remarks in reference to Gustavus he fell into disfavour with the queen, and had to leave Sweden.
Owing to some impertinent remarks in reference to Gustavus he fell into disfavour with the queen, and had to leave Sweden.
Travelling by very easy stages there he was so far convalescent upon his arrival that he was able to move about freely and could soon ride on horseback.
Travelling by very easy stages there he was so far convalescent upon his arrival that he was able to move about freely and could soon ride on horseback.
Therefore we will, seeing that there is no other mode of escape from the fate which awaits her, confide her wholly to you.
Seeing that there is no other mode of escape from the fate which awaits her.
Seeing that it would be extremely difficult at present to journey further, he determined to remain some little time in the town, thinking that he might be able to carry out the instructions which he had received from Colonel Munro, and to obtain information as to the plans of Wallenstein and the feelings of the army.
Seeing that it would be extremely difficult at present to journey further.
Seeing that it would be extremely difficult at present to journey further, he determined to remain some little time in the town, thinking that he might be able to carry out the instructions which he had received from Colonel Munro, and to obtain information as to the plans of Wallenstein and the feelings of the army.ul persons.
Seeing that it would be extremely difficult at present to journey further.
Knowing that Wallenstein was devoted to luxury and magnificence, always taking with him, except when making the most rapid marches, a long train of baggage and furniture, Malcolm thought it possible that he might obtain some employment in his apartments.
Knowing that Wallenstein was devoted to luxury and magnificence, always taking with him, except when making the most rapid marches, a long train of baggage and furniture.
Mingling with the soldiers in the evenings Malcolm learned that there were rumours that negotiations for peace were going on with Saxony and Sweden.
Mingling with the soldiers in the evenings Malcolm learned that there were rumours that negotiations for peace were going on with Saxony and Sweden.
Mingling with the soldiers in the evenings Malcolm learned that there were rumours that negotiations for peace were going on with Saxony and Sweden.
Mingling with the soldiers in the evenings Malcolm learned that there were rumours that negotiations for peace were going on with Saxony and Sweden.
Alighting at the door of the colonel's quarters, he led Thekla to his apartments.
Alighting at the door of the colonel's quarters.
Finding that he could do nothing, and fearful that Wallenstein should discover the commission with which he was charged, Gallas sought for a pretence to escape from Pilsen, and offered to go to Altringer and to persuade him to return with him.
Finding that he could do nothing, and fearful that Wallenstein should discover the commission with which he was charged.
Thinking that on some future occasion the blade might be useful to him, he pushed the dagger well into the lock, and with a sharp jerk snapped it off at the hilt.
Thinking that on some future occasion the blade might be useful to him.
Turning to his attendants he ordered them to hang the false messenger to the nearest tree, and then begged Malcolm to follow him into his tent and give him full details of this terrible transaction.
Turning to his attendants he ordered them to hang the false messenger to the nearest tree, and then begged Malcolm to follow him into his tent and give him full details of this terrible transaction.
Taking with him four thousand chosen musketeers and pikemen and twelve guns he set out at nine o'clock, but the rough road, the dikes, and ditches which intercepted the country impeded him, and the fact that he was unacquainted with the general position of the country made him doubly cautious, and it was not until midnight that he reached the foot of the hill.
Taking with him four thousand chosen musketeers and pikemen and twelve guns he set out at nine o'clock, but the rough road, the dikes, and ditches which intercepted the country impeded him, and the fact that he was unacquainted with the general position of the country made him doubly cautious, and it was not until midnight that he reached the foot of the hill.
Taking with him four thousand chosen musketeers and pikemen and twelve guns he set out at nine o'clock, but the rough road, the dikes, and ditches which intercepted the country impeded him, and the fact that he was unacquainted with the general position of the country made him doubly cautious, and it was not until midnight that he reached the foot of the hill.atal resolution of remaining where he was until daylight, and accordingly ordered the column to halt.
Taking with him four thousand chosen musketeers and pikemen and twelve guns he set out at nine o'clock, but the rough road, the dikes, and ditches which intercepted the country impeded him, and the fact that he was unacquainted with the general position of the country made him doubly cautious, and it was not until midnight that he reached the foot of the hill.atal resolution of remaining where he was until daylight, and accordingly ordered the column to halt.
The latter, recognizing that the battle was lost, and that Horn, if not speedily succoured, was doomed, for the Imperialists, flushed with victory, were striving to cut him off, made a desperate attack upon the enemy hoping to draw their whole forces upon himself, and so enable Horn to retire.
Recognizing that the battle was lost, and that Horn, if not speedily succoured.
Elsewhere, looming through the murk, a ponderous merchantman, her mainmast and mizzen gone, and just enough of the foremast left to support the bellying foresail that bears her to destruction.
Looming through the murk, a ponderous merchantman.
They were the Mary Mac, the Cora, and the Maghee, belonging to Whitstable, and the Lucern of Blyth.
Belonging to Whitstable, and the Lucern of Blyth.
The lifeboat Pomfret, belonging to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, put out and rescued her crew.
Belonging to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Dashing through the surf they drew near the doomed ship, which creaked and groaned when struck by the tremendous seas, and threatened to go to pieces every moment.
Dashing through the surf they drew near the doomed ship, which creaked and groaned when struck by the tremendous seas, and threatened to go to pieces every moment.
Unfortunately, however, owing to mismanagement of those on board the steamer, it proved ineffective.
Owing to mismanagement of those on board the steamer.
According to the account given by her gallant coxswain, James Gilbert, they could see nothing whatever at the time of starting but the white flash of the seas as they passed over boat and crew, without intermission, twelve or thirteen times.
According to the account given by her gallant coxswain.
Stability, resulting from breadth of beam, etcetera, will do much to render a boat safe in rough seas and tempestuous weather, but when a boat has to face mighty rollers which turn it up until it stands straight on end, like a rearing horse, and even tumble it right over, or when it has to plunge into horrible maelstroms which seethe, leap, and fume in the mad contention of cross seas, no device that man has yet fallen upon will save it from turning keel up and throwing its contents into the water.
Resulting from breadth of beam.
Looking at the matter in this light, the records of the Institution show that thousands of men, women, and children, are beneficially influenced by the lifeboat cause.
Looking at the matter in this light, the records of the Institution show that thousands of men.
Meanwhile the gallant men of the coastguard, rejoicing in the feeling that they have done their duty so well and so successfully, though wet and weary from long exposure and exertion, pack the rocket apparatus into its cart, run it back to its place of shelter, to be there made ready for the next call to action, and then saunter home, perchance to tell their wives and little ones the story of the wreck and rescue, before lying down to take much-needed and well-earned repose.
Rejoicing in the feeling that they have done their duty so well and so successfully, though wet and weary from long exposure and exertion.
He would make it himself.wheat field, firing as they charged.
Firing as they charged.
He ran up and down the lines, shouting to the men to stand firm.
Shouting to the men to stand firm.
It was a sullen army that lay in the woods in the first hour or two of the night, gasping for breath.
Gasping for breath.
All the omens were sinister, pointing to the need of withdrawal.
Pointing to the need of withdrawal.
He spoke with perfect freedom in the presence of Sergeant Whitley, knowing that he would repeat nothing.
Knowing that he would repeat nothing.
McClellan's army was now on the transports, leaving behind the Virginia that he had failed to conquer, and Pope's, with a new commander, was not yet in shape.
Leaving behind the Virginia that he had failed to conquer, and Pope's, with a new commander.
Dick distinctly saw the cavalry, riding along the road, and hundreds of skirmishers pushing through the woods and fields.
Riding along the road, and hundreds of skirmishers pushing through the woods and fields.
The bullets of half a dozen Southern skirmishers, standing under the boughs of a beech tree less than two hundred yards away, hissed angrily by them.
Standing under the boughs of a beech tree less than two hundred yards away.
That column of dust miles long was at the same distance in front, continuing in its slow course for the river, but the foes in contact were having plenty of dust showers of their own.
Continuing in its slow course for the river, but the foes in contact were having plenty of dust showers of their own.
Dick went down into a little creek, emptying into the Rappahannock, and bathed his face and hands.
Emptying into the Rappahannock, and bathed his face and hands.
To the scouts and skirmishers and to Dick, wandering through the forest, nature was an unmitigated foe.
Wandering through the forest.
I saw my own cousin, Harry Kenton, riding with them.
Riding with them.
Pope rode among them, sanguine, full of hope, telegraphing to Washington that the enemy had lost two to his one, and that Lee was retreating toward the mountains.
Telegraphing to Washington that the enemy had lost two to his one, and that Lee was retreating toward the mountains.
Night heavier than usual came down over the field, covering with its friendly veil those who had lost and those who had won, and the twenty-five thousand who had fallen. CHAPTER VI.
Covering with its friendly veil those who had lost and those who had won, and the twenty-five thousand who had fallen. CHAPTER VI.
Night heavier than usual came down over the field, covering with its friendly veil those who had lost and those who had won, and the twenty-five thousand who had fallen.
Covering with its friendly veil those who had lost and those who had won, and the twenty-five thousand who had fallen.
Then came a telegram, asking if the capital could be defended in case his army was destroyed.
Asking if the capital could be defended in case his army was destroyed.
Passing by the capital he had advanced into Maryland, a Southern state, but one that had never seceded.
Passing by the capital he had advanced into Maryland, a Southern state, but one that had never seceded.
A young Maryland cavalry officer, riding near, explained to them that the point from which the cannonade came was a gap in South Mountain, although it was as yet invisible, owing to the forest.
Riding near.
The fire became so hot that the vanguard could not live in it without shelter, and the colonel, shouting to the officers to dismount, ordered them all to take cover behind trees and rocks.
Shouting to the officers to dismount.
Dick, watching through the smoke and forgetful of his enemy across the valley, saw the Union charge rolled back.
Watching through the smoke and forgetful of his enemy across the valley.
McClellan himself was there, standing on a hill and also watching.
Standing on a hill and also watching.
Jackson, standing at the edge of a wood, saw the magnificent advance, and while the officers around him despaired, he did not think of awaiting the Northern attack, but prepared instead for an attack of his own.
Standing at the edge of a wood.
Dick, fighting with his comrades on the north, knew little of what was passing on the peninsula in the south, but he became conscious after a while that the appalling fury of the battle around him was diminishing.
Fighting with his comrades on the north.
The air was close and heavy, showing that no fresh breeze had blown through it for days.
Showing that no fresh breeze had blown through it for days.
But Dick and the others rode on through the forest, penetrating into the high and rough hills which were sparsely inhabited.
Penetrating into the high and rough hills which were sparsely inhabited.
Men and horses drank eagerly, and at last Colonel Winchester, feeling that there was neither danger nor the need of hurry, permitted them to undress and take a quick bath, which was a heavenly relief and stimulant, allowing them to get clear of the dust and dirt of the day.
Feeling that there was neither danger nor the need of hurry.
There, flowing from under a great stone, shaded by a huge oak, was a tiny stream of pure cold water a couple of inches deep but seven or eight inches broad.
Flowing from under a great stone.
The sergeant, forgetting that he was wet to the skin, stretched himself in the dry grass near Dick and his comrades, and soon fell fast asleep, while his clothes dried upon him.
Forgetting that he was wet to the skin.
Another shout arose, telling that Buell was coming, and, two hours after the combat had opened, he arrived with more troops.
Telling that Buell was coming, and, two hours after the combat had opened.
Fighting at every step they retreated through the village and into the forest beyond, leaving one of their cannon in the hands of the Union troops.
Fighting at every step they retreated through the village and into the forest beyond, leaving one of their cannon in the hands of the Union troops.
That is, a Kentucky regiment, fighting for the Union was standing as a shield to let his comrades and himself through, and the people of the state were related so closely that in the flare of the battle he saw among these new men at least a half dozen faces that he knew.
Fighting for the Union was standing as a shield to let his comrades and himself through, and the people of the state were related so closely that in the flare of the battle he saw among these new men at least a half dozen faces that he knew.
The remains of the Winchester regiment, forming behind it, saw a terrible sight.
Forming behind it.
Rosecrans, raging like a wounded lion, talked of attacking again, but the rains had been so heavy, the roads were so soft and deep in mud that the cannon and the wagons could not be pushed forward.
Raging like a wounded lion.
An officer on duty, finding that a spirit cask had broken loose, was taking measures to secure it, when a lurch of the ship caused him to drop his lantern, and in his eagerness to save it, he let go the cask, which suddenly stove in, and the spirits communicated with the flame, the whole place was instantly in a blaze.
Finding that a spirit cask had broken loose.
Passing over Calais the aeronauts lowered a blue-light to give notice of their presence, but could not tell whether the inhabitants perceived it.
Passing over Calais the aeronauts lowered a blue-light to give notice of their presence, but could not tell whether the inhabitants perceived it.
Climbing over the shoulders of the tallest of his men, he crept silently through one of the embrasures and was instantly followed by the rest.
Climbing over the shoulders of the tallest of his men.
Knowing that the Earl of Selkirk possessed a seat at St. Mary's Isle, a beautiful peninsula at the mouth of the Dee, and being ill-informed with regard to the political connections of that nobleman, he destined him for the subject of his experiment.
Knowing that the Earl of Selkirk possessed a seat at St. Mary's Isle, a beautiful peninsula at the mouth of the Dee, and being ill-informed with regard to the political connections of that nobleman.
Why, what do you here, working like a negro?
Working like a negro?
Embarking with his men, September 1st, 1513, at the village of Darien, in a brigantine and nine large canoes, he sailed along the coast to the north-west, to Coyba, where the young Indian chief lived, and where the Isthmus of Darien is narrowest.
Embarking with his men.
Owing to the vast extent of some fields of ice, they would undoubtedly be conducted to a lower latitude in the Atlantic before their dissolution, under the influence of a warmer climate, but for the intervention of other causes.
Owing to the vast extent of some fields of ice.
Owing to the vast extent of some fields of ice, they would undoubtedly be conducted to a lower latitude in the Atlantic before their dissolution, under the influence of a warmer climate, but for the intervention of other causes.two masses are propelled against each other, and are both shivered into fragments by the violence of the concussion.
Owing to the vast extent of some fields of ice.
Passing between two fields of ice newly formed, about a foot in thickness, they were observed rapidly to approach each other, and, before our ship could pass the strait, they met with a velocity of three or four miles per hour.
Passing between two fields of ice newly formed, about a foot in thickness.
Some, apprehending that a plot had been formed to abandon them in the vessel, flew to arms.
Apprehending that a plot had been formed to abandon them in the vessel.
The clothes, furniture, and necessary articles of life, belonging to the men and officers of the Medusa, were publicly sold before their faces.
Belonging to the men and officers of the Medusa.
Passing through the islands which abound in the Greek Archipelago, she approached the Negropont, where the navigation became both intricate and dangerous.
Passing through the islands which abound in the Greek Archipelago.
Perceiving that the launches did not attempt to approach, he ordered the ship should be set on fire, which was done, at the same time, in different parts.
Perceiving that the launches did not attempt to approach.
Perceiving that the launches did not attempt to approach, he ordered the ship should be set on fire, which was done, at the same time, in different parts.
Perceiving that the launches did not attempt to approach.
Nothing but the most rigid discipline could have restrained them.
Nothing but the most rigid discipline could have restrained them.
Robert's fancy was so intense and creative that, beginning by imagining these things so, he made them so.
Beginning by imagining these things so.
Now, he steals away, knowing that we are the enemies most to be dreaded by him.
Knowing that we are the enemies most to be dreaded by him.
Mynheer Jacobus was at home, and he gave them a great welcome, glancing at one and at the other, and then back again, apparently rejoiced to see them together.
Glancing at one and at the other, and then back again.
Then he shook his head several times, and, walking on, met its owner, whom he greeted with marked coolness, although the manner of the other toward him had been somewhat effusive.
Walking on.
Suspecting that he had taken und carried from you that which he ought not to haf, Master Lennox called to him to stop.
Suspecting that he had taken und carried from you that which he ought not to haf.
Yet Willet, Rogers and Daganoweda did not flinch, clinging to the trail, which now led straight toward Andiatarocte.
Clinging to the trail, which now led straight toward Andiatarocte.
Then Daganoweda, knowing that the full alarm had been given, uttered a fierce and thrilling cry and all the Mohawks took it up.
Knowing that the full alarm had been given.
Robert and Tayoga went with them, firing as they ran, borne on by the thrill of combat, but Robert felt relief nevertheless when he settled again in the shelter of the second log and for the time being was secure from bullets.
Firing as they ran.
Robert, standing in the entrance, took a long look at the heavens.
Standing in the entrance.
The clouds, circling about the horizon, soon spread to the zenith, and covered the heavens, hiding the moon and the last star.
Circling about the horizon.
Then, feeling that the talk was not in his favor, but that the situation was all to his liking, he turned away and gave orders to his warriors.
Feeling that the talk was not in his favor, but that the situation was all to his liking.
Willet, looking at him, read his mind.
Looking at him.
In fifteen minutes he was off with his warriors, disappearing like shadows in the undergrowth, and Robert knew that whatever report Daganoweda might bring back it would not only be true but full.
Disappearing like shadows in the undergrowth, and Robert knew that whatever report Daganoweda might bring back it would not only be true but full.
In fifteen minutes he was off with his warriors, disappearing like shadows in the undergrowth, and Robert knew that whatever report Daganoweda might bring back it would not only be true but full.n eye might catch their presence in the woods, but able, nevertheless, to observe for immense distances everything that passed on the vast silver sheet of water.
Disappearing like shadows in the undergrowth, and Robert knew that whatever report Daganoweda might bring back it would not only be true but full.n eye might catch their presence in the woods, but able.
Robert threw up his own hands, and, emerging from the thicket, said in tones which he made purposely calm and even.
Emerging from the thicket.
Not far away lay the lake, Andiatarocte, glittering in the sun.
Glittering in the sun.
When St. Pierre fell Robert saw a gallant figure appear in his place, a figure taller and younger, none other than St. Luc himself, the Chevalier, arriving in time to help his own, just as Daganoweda, Willet and the others had come in time to aid theirs.
Arriving in time to help his own.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.rm of contractions includes a space.
Counting in Roman numerals is included as a bonus in the form of lesson numbers.rm of contractions includes a space.
Las Casas Dissuading from Battle R.B.
Dissuading from Battle R.B.
Landing of the Pilgrim Fathers Felicia Dorothea Hemans.
Landing of the Pilgrim Fathers Felicia Dorothea Hemans.
Riding on a Snowplow Benjamin Franklin Taylor.
Riding on a Snowplow Benjamin Franklin Taylor.
A diphthong is a union of two vocals, commencing with one and ending with the other.
Commencing with one and ending with the other.
Speaking in the open air', at the top of the voice', is an admirable exercise.
Speaking in the open air', at the top of the voice', is an admirable exercise.
According to the principle stated above, the reader should avoid giving them that pronunciation which the correct rending of the poetry would require, but should read them as prose, except where he can throw off all accent and thus compromise the conflict between the poetic reading and the correct reading.
According to the principle stated above, the reader should avoid giving them that pronunciation which the correct rending of the poetry would require, but should read them as prose, except where he can throw off all accent and thus compromise the conflict between the poetic reading and the correct reading.
According to the principle stated above, the reader should avoid giving them that pronunciation which the correct rending of the poetry would require, but should read them as prose, except where he can throw off all accent and thus compromise the conflict between the poetic reading and the correct reading.ad the language right.
According to the principle stated above, the reader should avoid giving them that pronunciation which the correct rending of the poetry would require, but should read them as prose, except where he can throw off all accent and thus compromise the conflict between the poetic reading and the correct reading.ad the language right.
Speaking in the open air, at the very top of the voice, is an exercise admirably adapted to strengthen the voice and give it compass, and should be frequently practiced.
Speaking in the open air, at the very top of the voice, is an exercise admirably adapted to strengthen the voice and give it compass, and should be frequently practiced.
By bold, navigable streams, flowing to the east and to the west, as if the finger of heaven were marking out the course of your settlements, inviting you to enterprise, and pointing the way to wealth.
Flowing to the east and to the west, as if the finger of heaven were marking out the course of your settlements, inviting you to enterprise, and pointing the way to wealth.
King of Spain.--.
King of Spain.--.
They were all about her at the time, knowing that the end was drawing on.
Knowing that the end was drawing on.
I took the field in person, being in my nineteenth year, well proportioned, and already beginning to have a sincere relish for poetry, if not for declamation.
Being in my nineteenth year.
I took the field in person, being in my nineteenth year, well proportioned, and already beginning to have a sincere relish for poetry, if not for declamation.w it.
Being in my nineteenth year.
The schoolmaster took a seat beside him, and, stooping over the pillow whispered his name.
Stooping over the pillow whispered his name.
At the daybreak from the fallow, And the bittern sound his drum, Booming from the sedgy shallow.
Booming from the sedgy shallow.
I see you stand like greyhounds in the slips, Straining upon the start.
Straining upon the start.
Francis I. (b. 1494, d. 1547), King of France, was taken prisoner at the battle of Pavia, and confined at Madrid, Spain, nearly a year.
King of France.
She is wise with all his wisdom, Living on his grave she stands,.
Living on his grave she stands,.
Wherein my letters, praying on his side, Because I knew the man, were slighted off.
Praying on his side, Because I knew the man.
That's Rip Van Winkle yonder, leaning against the tree.
Leaning against the tree.
Wandering among the mountains, he fell in with the ghosts of Hendrick Hudson and his crew, with whom he played a game of ninepins.
Wandering among the mountains.
Alluding to the destruction of Rome by the northern barbarians. LXVII.
Alluding to the destruction of Rome by the northern barbarians. LXVII.
Mr. Longfellow's poetry is always elegant and chaste, showing in every line traces of his careful scholarship.
Showing in every line traces of his careful scholarship.
Owing to the illness of the father, Colman the younger assumed the management of the theater in 1785, which post he held for a long time.
Owing to the illness of the father.
The Tartars are a branch of the Mongolian race, embracing among other tribes the Calmucks.
Embracing among other tribes the Calmucks.
And, turning from my nursery window, drew A long, long sigh, and wept a last adieu!
Turning from my nursery window.
Something like a sarcastic rejoinder was made as to the eloquence of the pulpit, and a warm and able altercation ensued, in which the merits of the Christian religion became the subject of discussion.
Something like a sarcastic rejoinder was made as to the eloquence of the pulpit, and a warm and able altercation ensued, in which the merits of the Christian religion became the subject of discussion.
The Darro River flows through it, emptying into the Xenil (or Jenil) just outside the city walls.
Emptying into the Xenil (or Jenil) just outside the city walls.
Allah is the Mohammedan name for the Supreme Being.ing of France.
Being.ing of France.
And his own children tall and beautiful, And him, that other, reigning in his place, Lord of his rights and of his children's love, Then he, tho' Miriam Lane had told him all, Because things seen are mightier than things heard, Staggered and shook, holding the branch, and feared To send abroad a shrill and terrible cry,.
Reigning in his place.
Finding that she would bear the sail, the hands we're sent below, and our watch remained on deck.
Finding that she would bear the sail, the hands we're sent below, and our watch remained on deck.
From 1766 to 1794 he was a member of Parliament, representing at different times different constituencies.
Representing at different times different constituencies.
And the silken, sad, uncertain Rustling of each purple curtain.
Rustling of each purple curtain.
Tapping at my chamber door,.
Tapping at my chamber door,.
For a while he was assistant to Dr. W. E. Channing in Boston, and later, was a pastor in New Bedford, New York City, and Boston.
Channing in Boston, and later.
And, streaming into the moonlight, The seaweed floated wide.
Streaming into the moonlight, The seaweed floated wide.
The Rhone flows through it, entering by a deep narrow gap, with mountain groups on either hand, eight or nine thousand feet above the water.
Entering by a deep narrow gap, with mountain groups on either hand, eight or nine thousand feet above the water.
Sat the lawgivers of Connecticut, Trembling beneath their legislative robes.
Trembling beneath their legislative robes.
His style is brief and pithy, dazzling by its wit, but sometimes paradoxical.
Dazzling by its wit, but sometimes paradoxical.
In Chapter 6 we are back to one of the Thorogood boys, who is a missionary in London, working among the poor.
Working among the poor.
Many of these last were on the beach at Sunland that night, with oilskin coats and caps, cowering in the lee of boats and rocks, or leaning against the furious gale as they tried to gaze out to sea through the blinding sleet and spray.
Cowering in the lee of boats and rocks, or leaning against the furious gale as they tried to gaze out to sea through the blinding sleet and spray.
Some people, referring to its peaceful purposes, called it MacFearsome's trading post.
Referring to its peaceful purposes.
As she spoke an arrow, entering between the palisades, whizzed past her.
Entering between the palisades.
Seeing at a glance how matters stood, Mr Tucker ran forward and thrust his bludgeon with a straight point between the posts, right into the painted face of the lower savage, who fell back at once, carrying the second savage along with him: but the third had already laid his hands on the top, and, vaulting over with monkey-like agility, came down on the pastor's shoulders with such violence that both rolled together on the ground.
Seeing at a glance how matters stood.
In an instant a dark, cat-like form, rushing down the aisle, sprang into the ring.
Rushing down the aisle.
Watson, turning to Ralph with a puzzled look.
Turning to Ralph with a puzzled look.
Looking about him, he discovered on a chair by the bedside the overalls, and upon them a note and a silver dollar.
Looking about him.
Louise, turning to Kit.
Turning to Kit.
Was in his berth in the circus cars, preparing for a refreshing night's rest.
Preparing for a refreshing night's rest.
It was now rather lighter, and the blacksmith, peering into his face, saw that it was indeed true--that the boy on the back seat was not Kit Watson at all, but his ex-apprentice, William Morris.
Peering into his face.
Looking to the right, his glance fell upon Jack Dormer, a schoolmate, who had been attending the same academy with him for a year past.
Looking to the right.
Standing near the ticket seller half an hour before the show began, Kit heard his name called.
Standing near the ticket seller half an hour before the show began.
Standing on the shoulders of one of the Vincenti brothers, he turned a somersault and landed on the shoulders of the other, standing six to eight feet away.
Standing on the shoulders of one of the Vincenti brothers.
Janet took her way homewards, hurrying with quick feet, lest her father should wake up before she arrived.
Hurrying with quick feet, lest her father should wake up before she arrived.
Went on Achilles, turning to Stubbs.
Turning to Stubbs.
He went through several feats, however, hanging from the trapeze with his head down, then quickly recovering himself and swinging by his hands.
Hanging from the trapeze with his head down.
Remembering that you once lived there, I made inquiries about you in the village.
Remembering that you once lived there.
From time to time Kit receives abject letters, pleading for more money, and sometimes he sends it, but always against the advice of Henry Miller, who says rightly that Stephen Watson already fares better than he deserves.
Pleading for more money, and sometimes he sends it, but always against the advice of Henry Miller, who says rightly that Stephen Watson already fares better than he deserves.
It was a rare and beautiful scene, appealing with great force to Dick.
Appealing with great force to Dick.
It was a rare and beautiful scene, appealing with great force to Dick.em, and he would not look down.
Appealing with great force to Dick.em, and he would not look down.
The leaves fell faster and sharp winds blew, bringing with them chill rains.
Bringing with them chill rains.
Standing by it he could see the long shape of the train running back in the darkness, but it would have been invisible to any one a hundred yards away.
Standing by it he could see the long shape of the train running back in the darkness, but it would have been invisible to any one a hundred yards away.
He knew Whitley and he knew, too, that he was an old army regular, bristling with experience and shrewdness.
Bristling with experience and shrewdness.
The light, burning as intensely red as before, appeared again on the mountain to the right, but further toward the west, seeming to have moved parallel to the Northern troops.
Burning as intensely red as before.
Looking in the other direction they saw the sunshine gleaming for a moment on a roof in Townsville.
Looking in the other direction they saw the sunshine gleaming for a moment on a roof in Townsville.
Everything about her seemed to float away.
Everything about her seemed to float away.
Fighting in the night was scarcely fair.
Fighting in the night was scarcely fair.
Fighting in the night was scarcely fair.to do.
Fighting in the night was scarcely fair.to do.
A breeze sprang up, rustling among the leafless branches, and Dick shivered in the saddle.
Rustling among the leafless branches, and Dick shivered in the saddle.
The great negress, Juliana, standing at the window, did not move.
Standing at the window.
He saw his friend, the young hunter from Nebraska, lying with his head on his arm, sound asleep, a smile on his face.
Lying with his head on his arm.
Tilghman, standing amid his dead and wounded, saw that hope was no longer left, and gave the signal.
Standing amid his dead and wounded.
Dick, sitting by one of the fires, saw the cold dawn come, and in those chill hours of nervous exhaustion he lost hope for a moment or two.
Sitting by one of the fires.
We're on opposite sides, serving at the same place, and it's natural that we should meet some time or other.
Serving at the same place, and it's natural that we should meet some time or other.
Dick came back to life, and, looking into his colonel's face, he grinned.
Looking into his colonel's face.
Dick came back to life, and, looking into his colonel's face, he grinned.
Looking into his colonel's face.
His men, leaping to their feet, snatched up their own rifles and fired a volley at short range.
Leaping to their feet.
Everything before him now was grim and menacing.
Everything before him now was grim and menacing.
They were to attack continually by the right, press the Union army toward the right always, in order to rush in and separate it from Pittsburg Landing on the Tennessee, and from the fleet and its stores.
Landing on the Tennessee, and from the fleet and its stores.
Dick, standing with his comrades on one of the ridges that they had defended so well, listened to the roar of conflict on the wing, ever increasing in volume, and watched the vast clouds of smoke gathering over the forest.
Standing with his comrades on one of the ridges that they had defended so well.
Dick, standing with his comrades on one of the ridges that they had defended so well, listened to the roar of conflict on the wing, ever increasing in volume, and watched the vast clouds of smoke gathering over the forest.nel.
Standing with his comrades on one of the ridges that they had defended so well.
'Eighteenpence to five bob, according to the breed.' 'And the lizards?' 'Ninepence each.' 'And toads?' 'Fourpence.
According to the breed.' 'And the lizards?' 'Ninepence each.' 'And toads?' 'Fourpence.
'Eighteenpence to five bob, according to the breed.' 'And the lizards?' 'Ninepence each.' 'And toads?' 'Fourpence.e,' said the greasy owner of all this caged life with a sudden ferocity which made the whole party back hurriedly on to the wainscoting of hutches with which the shop was lined. '.
According to the breed.' 'And the lizards?' 'Ninepence each.' 'And toads?' 'Fourpence.e,' said the greasy owner of all this caged life with a sudden ferocity which made the whole party back hurriedly on to the wainscoting of hutches with which the shop was lined. '.
You must hold me up, and speak the word of power, and one by one, beginning with the first-born, you shall pass through me into the Past.
Beginning with the first-born.
Then, passing through me, you shall return to this time and it shall be the present to you.' '.
Passing through me.
A beast may scare one heron, coming upon it suddenly, but no beast will scare a whole flock of herons.
Coming upon it suddenly, but no beast will scare a whole flock of herons.
They all lay still, breathing in the safe, quiet air of Regent's Park.
Breathing in the safe.
Beyond the wall were more towers and houses, gleaming with gold and bright colours.
Gleaming with gold and bright colours.
'Is it any good, do you think, calling on the name when we haven't got the charm?' suggested Anthea.
Calling on the name when we haven't got the charm?' suggested Anthea.
That came to marry the King in Babylon.
King in Babylon.
The children could never go out all at once, because they never knew when the King of Babylon would go out lion hunting and leave his Queen free to pay them that surprise visit to which she was, without doubt, eagerly looking forward.
King of Babylon would go out lion hunting and leave his Queen free to pay them that surprise visit to which she was, without doubt.
The Amulet grew smaller again, and there they all were, standing on the deck of a ship whose sailors were busy making her fast with chains to rings on a white quay-side.
Standing on the deck of a ship whose sailors were busy making her fast with chains to rings on a white quay-side.
And Imogen, clinging with black-clothed arms to the bare neck,.
Clinging with black-clothed arms to the bare neck,.
And, finding that though she did not at once take his advice she did not seem to resent it, he put his arm awkwardly across her shoulders and rubbed his head against her ear. '.
Finding that though she did not at once take his advice she did not seem to resent it.
'Nothing of the kind!'.
Nothing of the kind!'.
The others, standing on the dining-room carpet in Fitzroy Street, turned and saw her still in the arch. '.
Standing on the dining-room carpet in Fitzroy Street.
There's big pillars outside, something like Carter's seed place in Holborn, as used to be Day and Martin's blacking when I was a gell.
Something like Carter's seed place in Holborn, as used to be Day and Martin's blacking when I was a gell.
Feeling in Spain.--.
Feeling in Spain.--.
Striking into the interior, they wandered about, lured on by the hope of finding gold.
Striking into the interior.
Wading through swamps, crossing deep rivers by swimming and by rafts, fighting the lurking Indians who incessantly harassed their path, and nearly perishing with hunger, they reached at last the Gulf of Mexico.
Wading through swamps, crossing deep rivers by swimming and by rafts, fighting the lurking Indians who incessantly harassed their path, and nearly perishing with hunger.
Returning to England he equipped a squadron.
Returning to England he equipped a squadron.
Conversing with her one day upon the singular properties of tobacco, the new Indian weed which was coming into use, he assured her that he could tell the exact weight of smoke in any quantity consumed.
Conversing with her one day upon the singular properties of tobacco, the new Indian weed which was coming into use.
* * * * From 1607--the Founding of Jamestown, To 1775--the Breaking out of the Revolution.
Founding of Jamestown, To 1775--the Breaking out of the Revolution.
SETTLEMENT.--Landing of the Pilgrims.--One stormy day in the fall of 1620, the Mayflower, with a band of a hundred pilgrims, came to anchor in Cape Cod harbor.
SETTLEMENT.--Landing of the Pilgrims.--One stormy day in the fall of 1620, the Mayflower, with a band of a hundred pilgrims, came to anchor in Cape Cod harbor.
The little company, gathering in the cabin, drew up a compact, in which they agreed to enact just and equal laws, which all should obey.
Gathering in the cabin.
The little company, gathering in the cabin, drew up a compact, in which they agreed to enact just and equal laws, which all should obey.g parties landed at Plymouth, as it was called on Smith's chart, December 21.
Gathering in the cabin.
This was but a transient gleam of civil freedom, for two years alter, when the Duke of York became James II., king of England, he forgot all his promises, forbade legislative assemblies, prohibited printing-presses, and annexed the colony to New England.
King of England.
Returning from his cruise, he was at length captured while boldly walking in the streets of Boston.
Returning from his cruise.
An Indian, lying in wait, fired at him only a few paces off, but missing, was captured.
Lying in wait.
Swimming to an island, he barely saved his life.
Swimming to an island.
Learning that the French had anticipated them, Washington hastened forward with a reconnoitering party.
Learning that the French had anticipated them.
The column came within ten miles of the fort, marching along the Monongahela in regular array, drums beating and colors flying.
Marching along the Monongahela in regular array.
The commander, Major Henry, writing in his room, heard the war-cry and the shrieks of the victims, and rushing to his window beheld the savage work of the tomahawk and the scalping-knife.
Writing in his room.
The commander, Major Henry, writing in his room, heard the war-cry and the shrieks of the victims, and rushing to his window beheld the savage work of the tomahawk and the scalping-knife.old perils he himself escaped.
Writing in his room.
At last the Indians, disagreeing among themselves, deserted the alliance, and a treaty was signed.
Disagreeing among themselves.
-the Breaking out of the War,.
Breaking out of the War,.
1775.pril 19).--General Gage, learning that the people were gathering military stores at Concord, sent eight hundred men under Col. Smith and Major Pitcairn to destroy them.
Learning that the people were gathering military stores at Concord.
Charging upon it, Montgomery fell at the first fire, and his followers, disheartened, fled.
Charging upon it.
The remnant of the army, crouching behind mounds of snow and ice, maintained a blockade of the city until spring.
Crouching behind mounds of snow and ice.
The British, crossing to New York, moved to attack Washington, who had taken post on.
Crossing to New York.
Thinking that a large force had fallen upon them, the picket obeyed.
Thinking that a large force had fallen upon them, the picket obeyed.
Gates, fearing that he might win fresh laurels, ordered Major Armstrong to recall him, but he was already out of reach.
Fearing that he might win fresh laurels.
Urging on the fight, leading every onset, delivering his orders in person where the bullets flew thickest, he forced the British to their camp.
Urging on the fight, leading every onset, delivering his orders in person where the bullets flew thickest.
Returning to Philadelphia.
Returning to Philadelphia.
Retiring from business with a fine fortune, he devoted himself chiefly to science.
Retiring from business with a fine fortune.
Forming in two divisions, with unloaded muskets and fixed bayonets, they commenced the ascent of the steep and narrow path which led to the top.
Forming in two divisions, with unloaded muskets and fixed bayonets.
The traitor Arnold, burning with hatred, led an expedition into Virginia.
Burning with hatred.
The traitor Arnold, burning with hatred, led an expedition into Virginia.ty, burning private as well as public property.
Burning with hatred.
Cornwallis, arriving from the South, now took Arnold's place, and continued this marauding tour through the country.
Arriving from the South.
*of the Constitution, To 1861--the Breaking Out of the Civil War.
Breaking Out of the Civil War.
Calm in defeat, sober in victory, commanding at all times, and irresistible when aroused, he exercised equal authority over himself and his army.
Commanding at all times, and irresistible when aroused.
Genet (je-nay), the French minister, relying on the popular feeling, went so far as to fit out, in the ports of the United States, privateers to prey on British commerce.
Relying on the popular feeling.
(SECOND PRESIDENT: 1797-1801) Domestic Affairs.--Alien and Sedition Laws.--Owing to the violent denunciations of the government by the friends and emissaries of France, the alien and sedition laws were passed.
Laws.--Owing to the violent denunciations of the government by the friends and emissaries of France, the alien and sedition laws were passed.
Coming into power on a wave of popularity, he studiously sought to retain this favor.
Coming into power on a wave of popularity.
Breaking through the enemy's line, and firing right and left, within fifteen minutes after he mounted the deck of the Niagara the victory was won.
Breaking through the enemy's line, and firing right and left, within fifteen minutes after he mounted the deck of the Niagara the victory was won.
Landing at Maiden, which he found deserted, Harrison hotly pursued the flying enemy and overtook them on the River Thames (temz).
Landing at Maiden, which he found deserted.
Dashing through the forest, they broke the enemy's line, and forming in their rear, prepared to pour in a deadly fire.
Dashing through the forest.
Proceeding to Algiers, Tunis, and Tripoli, he obtained the liberation of American prisoners, and full indemnity for all losses, with pledges for the future.
Proceeding to Algiers.
They practice plural marriage, or polygamy, claiming that the Scriptures justify, while one of their revelations directly commands it.
Claiming that the Scriptures justify, while one of their revelations directly commands it.
Returning from Point Isabel, whither he had gone for supplies, on the plains of Palo Alto (pah-lo ahl'-to) he met six thousand Mexicans, under General Arista (ah-rees-tah), drawn up across the road.
Returning from Point Isabel, whither he had gone for supplies, on the plains of Palo Alto (pah-lo ahl'-to) he met six thousand Mexicans, under General Arista (ah-rees-tah), drawn up across the road.
A Mexican officer, coming with a message from Santa Anna, found Taylor sitting on his white horse with one leg over the pommel of his saddle.
Coming with a message from Santa Anna.
Starting from Fort Leaven worth (June, 1846), a journey of about a thousand miles brought him to Santa Fe.
Starting from Fort Leaven worth (June, 1846), a journey of about a thousand miles brought him to Santa Fe.
Hearing that the Mexican commandant intended to expel the American settlers, he went to their rescue, although he was not aware that war had broken out between the United States and Mexico.
Hearing that the Mexican commandant intended to expel the American settlers.
FOREIGN AFFAIRS.--Mexico.--Owing to the inaccuracy of the map used in the treaty between the United States and Mexico, a dispute arose with regard to the boundary line.
AFFAIRS.--Mexico.--Owing to the inaccuracy of the map used in the treaty between the United States and Mexico, a dispute arose with regard to the boundary line.
In honor of Louis XIV, king of France.
King of France.
The latter, intending to found a French settlement at the mouth of the Mississippi, sailed by it unawares, and, landing at Matagorda Bay, built Fort St. Louis on the Lavaca.
Intending to found a French settlement at the mouth of the Mississippi.
At this time its population was less than five thousand, consisting of whites and half-breeds settled about the various missions and trading-posts.
Consisting of whites and half-breeds settled about the various missions and trading-posts.
Grant, thinking that he could capture Price and then get back to Corinth before Van Dorn could reach it from Holly Springs, ordered Rosecrans to move upon Iuka.
Thinking that he could capture Price and then get back to Corinth before Van Dorn could reach it from Holly Springs.
Into the forts at short range, receiving in return heavy volleys from the forts and batteries on shore.
Receiving in return heavy volleys from the forts and batteries on shore.
Despairing of doing anything with her doughty little antagonist, the Merrimac now steamed back to Norfolk.
Despairing of doing anything with her doughty little antagonist, the Merrimac now steamed back to Norfolk.
Landing at Fortress Monroe about one hundred thousand strong (April 4), they marched toward Yorktown.
Landing at Fortress Monroe about one hundred thousand strong (April 4).
Passing through Thoroughfare Gap he reached the railroad at Bristoe's Station, in the rear of Pope's army (August 26).
Passing through Thoroughfare Gap he reached the railroad at Bristoe's Station, in the rear of Pope's army (August 26).
Passing through Thoroughfare Gap he reached the railroad at Bristoe's Station, in the rear of Pope's army (August 26).ackson.
Passing through Thoroughfare Gap he reached the railroad at Bristoe's Station, in the rear of Pope's army (August 26).ackson.
Learning from this that Lee had divided his forces, and that but a portion remained in his front, he hastened in pursuit.
Learning from this that Lee had divided his forces, and that but a portion remained in his front.
Learning that.
Learning that.
(May 14), and then, turning to the west, drove Pemberton from his position at Champion Hills.
Turning to the west.
Grant, from his position on Orchard Knob, perceiving that the Confederate line in front of him was being weakened to repel these attacks on the flanks, saw that the critical moment had come, and launched Thomas's corps on its centre.
Perceiving that the Confederate line in front of him was being weakened to repel these attacks on the flanks.
Grant, from his position on Orchard Knob, perceiving that the Confederate line in front of him was being weakened to repel these attacks on the flanks, saw that the critical moment had come, and launched Thomas's corps on its centre.he signals for the attack had been arranged: six cannon-shots, fired at intervals of two seconds.
Perceiving that the Confederate line in front of him was being weakened to repel these attacks on the flanks.
That night the Union camp-fires, glistening along the heights about Chattanooga, proclaimed the success of this, the most brilliant of Grant's achievements and the most picturesque of all the battles of the war.
Glistening along the heights about Chattanooga.
Lee, relying on the dense woods to conceal his movements, risked the perilous chance of dividing his army in the presence of a superior enemy.
Relying on the dense woods to conceal his movements.
Lee, fearing that Meade, who now commanded the Federals, would strike through some of the passes and cut off his communications with Richmond, turned east to threaten Baltimore, and thus draw off Meade for its defence.
Fearing that Meade, who now commanded the Federals, would strike through some of the passes and cut off his communications with Richmond.
General Gillmore now took charge of the Union troops, and, landing on Morris Island, by regular siege approaches and a terrible bombardment captured Fort Wagner and reduced Fort Sumter to a shapeless mass of rubbish (map, p. 280).
Landing on Morris Island, by regular siege approaches and a terrible bombardment captured Fort Wagner and reduced Fort Sumter to a shapeless mass of rubbish (map.
June 3).--Lee, however, moving on the inner and shorter line, reached the North Anna first.
Moving on the inner and shorter line.
The Confederates, rallying from their confusion, concentrated from every side and poured shot and shell upon the struggling mass of men huddled within the demolished fort.
Rallying from their confusion.
Laying of the Atlantic Cable.--While.
Laying of the Atlantic Cable.--While.
According to its provisions, the claim for losses was submitted to a board of arbitrators, who, having convened at Geneva, Switzerland, awarded the United States $15,500, 000 in gold.
According to its provisions, the claim for losses was submitted to a board of arbitrators, who, having convened at Geneva.
The liberal republican party, consisting of republicans opposed to the administration, nominated Horace Greeley of New York for the presidential term commencing 1873 The democratic party endorsed this nomination.
Consisting of republicans opposed to the administration.
The liberal republican party, consisting of republicans opposed to the administration, nominated Horace Greeley of New York for the presidential term commencing 1873 The democratic party endorsed this nomination.e: Horace Greeley was born at Amherst, N. H., February 3, 1811.
Consisting of republicans opposed to the administration.
Meaning of the word California in the sixteenth century?
Meaning of the word California in the sixteenth century?
What course did the Duke of York take when he became King of England?
King of England?
What course did the Duke of York take when he became King of England?n Leisler came to assume the government.
King of England?n Leisler came to assume the government.
Meaning of the name?
Meaning of the name?
Meeting of Second Continental Congress.
Meeting of Second Continental Congress.
Feeling at the North?
Feeling at the North?
Turning with quiet politeness to Foster, he asked him in broken French how he had come on board.
Turning with quiet politeness to Foster.
Rising from his hard couch, and endeavouring to relieve the aching of the bound arms by change of position, he observed that the cabin hatch was open, and that nothing prevented his going on deck, if so disposed.
Rising from his hard couch, and endeavouring to relieve the aching of the bound arms by change of position.
The idea of the poor wife in England, toiling for twelve years almost hopelessly to ransom her husband, filled his susceptible heart with pity.
Toiling for twelve years almost hopelessly to ransom her husband.
Passing through two or three tortuous and narrow lanes, which, however, were thickly studded with shops--that is, with holes in the wall, in which merchandise was displayed outside as well as in--they came to a door which was strictly guarded.
Passing through two or three tortuous and narrow lanes, which, however, were thickly studded with shops--that is, with holes in the wall, in which merchandise was displayed outside as well as in--they came to a door which was strictly guarded.
In character he was amiable and just, according to his light, but dignified and reticent.
According to his light, but dignified and reticent.
More'n a day's work in one hour, judging by de work ob or'nary slabes.
Judging by de work ob or'nary slabes.
Pointing to the various things to which he referred, the Moor turned and left the apartment.
Pointing to the various things to which he referred, the Moor turned and left the apartment.
Passing through unchallenged, Dinah at once dived into a maze of narrow streets, and, for the first time since starting, felt comparatively safe.
Passing through unchallenged.
Retiring to the coal-hole--or some such dark receptacle--Dinah held her friend in conversation for about a quarter of an hour, during which time several hearty Ethiopian chuckles were heard to burst forth.
Retiring to the coal-hole--or some such dark receptacle--Dinah held her friend in conversation for about a quarter of an hour, during which time several hearty Ethiopian chuckles were heard to burst forth.
Then, returning to the cellar, Dinah introduced her friend to Hester as Missis Lilly, and Hester to Missis Lilly as Miss Geo'giana.
Returning to the cellar.
Supposing that she had not understood the remark, Hester repeated it.
Supposing that she had not understood the remark.
Supposing that she had not understood the remark, Hester repeated it.
Supposing that she had not understood the remark.
Judging that her companion wished to eat in undisturbed silence, Hester helped herself to some rice, and quietly began supper.
Judging that her companion wished to eat in undisturbed silence.
The view over the housetops from the little window was absolutely magnificent, including as it did domes, minarets, mosques, palm-trees, shipping, and sea!
Including as it did domes.
I may as well however say at once that, if I did know, nothing that you can do would induce me to.
Nothing that you can do would induce me to.
Feeling that he had said quite enough to impress the poor girl with the absolute necessity of being careful, he promised earnestly never again to allude to such dreadful things.
Feeling that he had said quite enough to impress the poor girl with the absolute necessity of being careful.
Finding that this Frenchman spoke English so well, and that they worked together in the same gang during the day.
Finding that this Frenchman spoke English so well, and that they worked together in the same gang during the day.
Failing of his purpose, he took to thinking about Hester, and the groans which had been but feeble for himself became more intense on her account.
Failing of his purpose.
Her father, seeing that further concealment was impossible, and that final separation was inevitable, became desperate.
Seeing that further concealment was impossible, and that final separation was inevitable.
Seeing that two other soldiers were running to the aid of their fallen comrade, he suddenly gave the signal for the revolt of the slaves.
Seeing that two other soldiers were running to the aid of their fallen comrade.
Passing through this the little party advanced into the suburbs until they reached a part of the road beyond which pedestrians usually found it convenient not to travel after dark.
Passing through this the little party advanced into the suburbs until they reached a part of the road beyond which pedestrians usually found it convenient not to travel after dark.
Standing in front of the stranger, she got out the handkerchief and passed it to him so that the others did not see.
Standing in front of the stranger.
Leaning with the rock, they seemed to hesitate a moment, and then rock and trees and grass and bushes, with a rushing sound, slipped right away from the face of the cutting and fell on the line with a blundering crash that could have been heard half a mile off.
Leaning with the rock.
Something about Bill Bailey and how she wanted him to come home.
Something about Bill Bailey and how she wanted him to come home.
Phyllis, shivering by the canal side, had hardly heard the quick approaching feet before the woman had flung herself on the railing, rolled down the bank, and snatched the baby from her.
Shivering by the canal side.
And Jim, looking at her kind eyes, felt a little, warm, comforting flush of new courage.
Looking at her kind eyes.
Bobbie and Phil, retiring in silent dignity, were met at the door by the Doctor.
Retiring in silent dignity.
It iss a great war, extending to most of the civilized lands, the greatest war of modern times and many think it will be the last war, but I know not.
Extending to most of the civilized lands, the greatest war of modern times and many think it will be the last war, but I know not.
Robert was on fire in an instant, and, standing upon his chair, asked for attention.
Standing upon his chair.
I also know the odor of the tobacco that Mynheer Jacobus uses, and it is strongest here by the mantel, showing that in the course of the council he frequently got up and stood here.
Showing that in the course of the council he frequently got up and stood here.
It is bound to be so!rs in the room, showing that they were in here much longer than the others.
Showing that they were in here much longer than the others.
I find several imprints, and there also are two or three drops of blood, showing that he scratched his hand considerably when he went through the window.
Showing that he scratched his hand considerably when he went through the window.
Here are the imprints of his knees, showing that he refreshed himself with water after his hurried flight.
Showing that he refreshed himself with water after his hurried flight.
According to the laws of proportion we should be willing to stay here a week, at least.
According to the laws of proportion we should be willing to stay here a week, at least.
Robert sprang into the boat, while Tayoga, standing upon the bank, shook himself, making the drops fly from him in a shower.
Standing upon the bank.
Declaring that he would not sleep, he fell asleep nevertheless in ten minutes, and did not awake until the afternoon.
Declaring that he would not sleep.
Stuart and Cabell, coming from the south, which was now more remote from the scene of war, were delighted at the thought that they would be in the heart of the conflict.
Coming from the south, which was now more remote from the scene of war.
Profiting by his experience with the spy, he now had a pistol in his pocket, and clutching the butt of it he hurried after the elusive shadow.
Profiting by his experience with the spy.
Hot, and Robert, standing upon the deck, looked at the sails flapping idly above.
Standing upon the deck.
It was very wearisome, but Robert, clinging to his resolution, made the best of it.
Clinging to his resolution.
It was only a sullen gray dome over a gray and ghastly sea, depressing to the last degree to men worn as they were.
Depressing to the last degree to men worn as they were.
His own strength was largely factitious, coming from the hope that they would soon find shelter and a real place in which to rest, but such as it was it was sufficient for the time being.
Coming from the hope that they would soon find shelter and a real place in which to rest, but such as it was it was sufficient for the time being.
Sitting on the ground and looking at the white surf breaking on the rocks, he ended the war in the way he wished.
Sitting on the ground and looking at the white surf breaking on the rocks.
Instantly he swam with all his might toward the reefs, shivering as he went.
Shivering as he went.
After that he took no chances, bathing inside the reefs and going outside in the dinghy only.
Bathing inside the reefs and going outside in the dinghy only.
There was such an absence of variety in his life, owing to the lack of human companionship, that an attack by a maddened bull, for instance, would add spice to it.
Owing to the lack of human companionship, that an attack by a maddened bull, for instance, would add spice to it.
Looking over the recent events in his perilous life, he failed to find hate for anybody.
Looking over the recent events in his perilous life.
Fancying that he heard whispers about him and resolved to hear them, he heard them.
Fancying that he heard whispers about him and resolved to hear them.
Owing to the shifts and flaws in the wind it would be night before she arrived, but that did not matter to him.
Owing to the shifts and flaws in the wind it would be night before she arrived, but that did not matter to him.
The men came nearer, looking along the edge of the forest, perhaps for water, and, as he saw them better, he liked them less.
Looking along the edge of the forest.
The men came nearer, looking along the edge of the forest, perhaps for water, and, as he saw them better, he liked them less.his ears.
Looking along the edge of the forest.
Presently a second and larger boat, containing at least a dozen men, put out from the schooner.
Containing at least a dozen men.
Presently a second and larger boat, containing at least a dozen men, put out from the schooner..
Containing at least a dozen men.
Robert knew with absolute certainty that this was another pirate ship, a rover of the Gulf or the Caribbean, hiding among the islands and preying upon anything not strong enough to resist her.
Hiding among the islands and preying upon anything not strong enough to resist her.
According to Tayoga the good spirits fought with the bad, and on his island the good had prevailed.
According to Tayoga the good spirits fought with the bad, and on his island the good had prevailed.
The rain drove in sheets, beating upon the walls and roof of the house like hail, and the wind kept up a continuous whistling and screaming.
Beating upon the walls and roof of the house like hail, and the wind kept up a continuous whistling and screaming.
Higher sprang the blaze, running to the crest of the pyramid, roaring in the wind and then sending out defiant hissing tongues at the rain.
Running to the crest of the pyramid, roaring in the wind and then sending out defiant hissing tongues at the rain.
The sloop of war, heaving at her anchorage, stood up sharp and clear, and it seemed to Robert that there was something familiar in her lines.
Heaving at her anchorage.
I am that Robert Lennox who came with Tayoga, the Onondaga, in the canoe, through the fog on Lake George, to you, asking that you hurry to the relief of the boat builders!
Asking that you hurry to the relief of the boat builders!
Springing to his feet he seized Robert by both hands and nearly wrung them off.
Springing to his feet he seized Robert by both hands and nearly wrung them off.
CHAPTER XIIIking through the northern woods, examining forest and bush very cautiously as they advanced, knowing that the danger from ambushed warriors was always present.
XIIIking through the northern woods, examining forest and bush very cautiously as they advanced, knowing that the danger from ambushed warriors was always present.
It is quite clear to both of us, Dagaeoga, that a warrior, creeping through the long grass, tried to stalk the hill, but met a bullet instead.
Creeping through the long grass.
Rising from the bush, the two walked boldly in the direction whence the reply had come, and they found a tall, straight young figure advancing to meet them.
Rising from the bush, the two walked boldly in the direction whence the reply had come, and they found a tall.
They were to be the match for Ticonderoga., winding through the forest and valleys, but they met nothing.
Winding through the forest and valleys, but they met nothing.
Amherst still would not allow his army to move forward for the assault, having in mind the terrible losses of last year and knowing that he was bound to win.
Having in mind the terrible losses of last year and knowing that he was bound to win.
And northward they went at a great rate, watching on all sides for the perils that were never absent from the woods and peaks.
Watching on all sides for the perils that were never absent from the woods and peaks.
An hour or two later they came to a dead campfire of St. Luc's force, and, a little farther on, a new trail, coming from the west, joined the Chevalier's.
Coming from the west.
But Colden, suspecting that his jest was truth rather, had too much delicacy to pursue the subject.
Suspecting that his jest was truth rather.
Coils of smoke arose, and, uniting into a huge cloud, floated westward on the wind.
Uniting into a huge cloud.
I understand that the savage, Tandakora, means to attack this house to-night, thinking that it holds a British garrison.
Thinking that it holds a British garrison.
M. de Chatillard, seeing with the eyes of the past, had taken him for the Chevalier.
Seeing with the eyes of the past.
Then, hanging to rocks and shrubs, they began to climb.
Hanging to rocks and shrubs.
Then, hanging to rocks and shrubs, they began to climb. too.
Hanging to rocks and shrubs.
At dawn the distant boom of the cannon, firing at the English ships above the town, had come to his ears.
Firing at the English ships above the town.
Behind Montcalm came his army, hurrying to the battle-field, and, taking the quickest course, it passed through Quebec, entering at the Palace Gate and passing out through those of St. Louis and St. John, hastening, always hastening, to join the battalion of Guienne, which already stood in its white uniforms and beneath its banners on the Buttes-a-Neveu.
Hurrying to the battle-field, and, taking the quickest course.
The rangers were busy now, replying to the Indians and Canadians, but Robert still took rapid glances and he looked oftenest toward the Americans, where his friends stood.
Replying to the Indians and Canadians, but Robert still took rapid glances and he looked oftenest toward the Americans, where his friends stood.
The blade went true, and so tremendous was the blow that Tandakora, falling in a heap, gave up his fierce and savage soul.
Falling in a heap.
A figure, darting from a bush, turned to pull trigger on Robert, and then uttered a cry of terror.
Darting from a bush.
He ran off, returning with a bunch in a moment or two.
Returning with a bunch in a moment or two.
She went the entire round of the circus two or three times in this position, and then Uncle Ben, saying that she was a very fine little creature, and would answer his purposes to a nicety, lifted her down in the height of good humor.
Saying that she was a very fine little creature, and would answer his purposes to a nicety.
He spoke loudly, looking around him as he did so in some terror.
Looking around him as he did so in some terror.
Little Orion, shivering in his queer circus dress, was glad of this, and a faint degree of returning courage came into his heart.
Shivering in his queer circus dress.
Suddenly, rattling round a corner of the country road, came a man with a milk cart.
Rattling round a corner of the country road.
Iris, kneeling by her side, never moved.
Kneeling by her side.
Incident to this great expanse, comprehending over six hundred miles in actual auto driving.
Comprehending over six hundred miles in actual auto driving.
Mowing with the stumps on the land is impracticable, as the weeds conceal many of the stumps.
Mowing with the stumps on the land is impracticable, as the weeds conceal many of the stumps.
Rising with an amused smile, she kissed Ruth's forehead and went to prepare for a visit to the poor.
Rising with an amused smile.
We present her now, after a two months' trip, sailing to the west, homeward bound.
Sailing to the west.
Judging from their appearance just then there did not seem much prospect of that!
Judging from their appearance just then there did not seem much prospect of that!
Returning to London, we will follow Captain Bream, who, one fine morning, walked up to Mrs Dotropy's mansion at the west end, and applied the knocker vigorously.
Returning to London.
--isn't that what you call it--and steer nor'-east, pretending that you are going.
Pretending that you are going.
Apologising for not being more punctual in calling for the chest, he explained that pressing-business had detained him.
Apologising for not being more punctual in calling for the chest.
Breaking from those who sought to restrain him he ran down to the beach.
Breaking from those who sought to restrain him he ran down to the beach.
Turning at once, Maggie rushed wildly from the house intending to make straight for the shore.
Turning at once.
Returning to her own lodging, she found her mother, and told her all that had happened.
Returning to her own lodging.
The captain became silent again, but after a few minutes, fearing that the mate might think him unsociable, he said--.
Fearing that the mate might think him unsociable.
Feeling that, with such a possibility unsettled, he would be utterly unfit for his duties with the fleet, he resolved to go straight to Yarmouth.
Feeling that, with such a possibility unsettled.
Explaining to the surprised and rather disappointed skipper of the mission vessel that an unexpected turn of affairs required his immediate presence in Yarmouth, the captain asked what means there were of getting to land.
Explaining to the surprised and rather disappointed skipper of the mission vessel that an unexpected turn of affairs required his immediate presence in Yarmouth, the captain asked what means there were of getting to land.
Explaining to the surprised and rather disappointed skipper of the mission vessel that an unexpected turn of affairs required his immediate presence in Yarmouth, the captain asked what means there were of getting to land.
Explaining to the surprised and rather disappointed skipper of the mission vessel that an unexpected turn of affairs required his immediate presence in Yarmouth, the captain asked what means there were of getting to land.
Lilias, squatting on the fender, stretching two cold hands towards the blazing sticks, looked up brightly.
Squatting on the fender, stretching two cold hands towards the blazing sticks.
So a deputation, consisting of Everard, Lilias, and Dulcie, promptly presented themselves at the study door and tapped for admission.
Consisting of Everard.
Owing to the floods, they took a roundabout route, but half an hour's drive through sleet and rain brought them to Cheverley Chase.
Owing to the floods.
The two young people, returning to the study, tried to face the disastrous news.
Returning to the study.
Knowing that the girls would not do any damage, the mistresses allowed them to disperse, on the understanding that they came at once when they heard the Guide's whistle.
Knowing that the girls would not do any damage, the mistresses allowed them to disperse, on the understanding that they came at once when they heard the Guide's whistle.
Miss Walters, feeling that everybody must be in need of refreshment after such an event, ordered tea to be served immediately, and soon the urns were carried out into the garden, where tables had already been set with cups and saucers and plates of sandwiches and cakes.
Feeling that everybody must be in need of refreshment after such an event.
Major Rogers, poring over map and guide books, would plan out their daily route each morning at the breakfast table in the hotel.
Poring over map and guide books, would plan out their daily route each morning at the breakfast table in the hotel.
Major Rogers, poring over map and guide books, would plan out their daily route each morning at the breakfast table in the hotel.marked, looking through the window of an old-fashioned country inn into the cobbled street where their luggage was being strapped on to the car.
Poring over map and guide books, would plan out their daily route each morning at the breakfast table in the hotel.marked, looking through the window of an old-fashioned country inn into the cobbled street where their luggage was being strapped on to the car.
Gowan and Carmel, going into the sitting-room one day, found her discussing her former idol with a group of her chums.
Going into the sitting-room one day.
Prissie, looking on, realized that it was the chance of a lifetime.
Looking on.
The Mafia, rising from the shadow of the cucumber-frame, laughed long, though with caution.
Rising from the shadow of the cucumber-frame.
Squatting on Gowan's bed, they each contributed portions of the plot.
Squatting on Gowan's bed.
Owing to her Sicilian education she was not accustomed to going about by herself.
Owing to her Sicilian education she was not accustomed to going about by herself.
According to Sicilian customs, which are almost eastern in their guardianship of signorinas, it was an unheard-of thing for a young lady in her position to take a country walk without an escort.
According to Sicilian customs, which are almost eastern in their guardianship of signorinas.
If she could only find some cottage, she could inquire.no human habitation, nothing but the endless hedges and an occasional gate into a field.
Nothing but the endless hedges and an occasional gate into a field.
The Erl-King with his crown and his beard long and white!'.
King with his crown and his beard long and white!'.
Remembering that it was early in March, and that bitter winds were probably blowing over Chilcombe and Cheverley.
Remembering that it was early in March, and that bitter winds were probably blowing over Chilcombe and Cheverley.
Falling in love with beautiful Proserpine, he seized her, and forced her to get into his chariot.
Falling in love with beautiful Proserpine.
And, stepping in, Ernesto took his seat beside Carmel, and told the boatman to push off, while Everard, with a face like a thundercloud, joined the younger children.
Stepping in.
And, stepping in, Ernesto took his seat beside Carmel, and told the boatman to push off, while Everard, with a face like a thundercloud, joined the younger children.netrating through a green jungle.
Stepping in.
At all times it was an angel voice, speaking to mankind from high above this sordid world.
Speaking to mankind from high above this sordid world.
Her own dinner, consisting of a hunch of dry bread and dripping, could be eaten in the pauses of her work.
Consisting of a hunch of dry bread and dripping, could be eaten in the pauses of her work.
Then, knowing that he was now quite safe, he exchanged his running for a rapid walk.
Knowing that he was now quite safe.
Then, knowing that he was now quite safe, he exchanged his running for a rapid walk.s, who were moving heaven and earth to get Connie back for him, not later than three o'clock.
Knowing that he was now quite safe.
It was a very shabby room, nothing like as well furnished as the one she had occupied at Mammy Warren's.
Nothing like as well furnished as the one she had occupied at Mammy Warren's.
Harris, wrangling with another workman, was now seen approaching.
Wrangling with another workman.
According to custom, Herbert called at the post office on his way home.
According to custom.
Seeing that Herbert was in earnest, Mrs. Carter overcame her scruples, and laid aside enough of the money to make up the amount required.
Seeing that Herbert was in earnest.
CHAPTER XXVI THE RIVAL BOATMEN Herbert, bending over his oars, heard the peremptory order of James to come back and smiled to himself as he instantly comprehended the mistake which the latter had made.
Bending over his oars.
So, thinking over these things, our hero was much perplexed, and could see no way out of the difficulty.
Thinking over these things.
Then, seeing that it was altogether too late to rejoin her brother, she had no course left but to continue the flight which, until then, she had not intended.
Seeing that it was altogether too late to rejoin her brother.
Advancing in this deliberate fashion, the outline of one of those long, low wooden structures so common in the West was gradually defied in the moonlight, and he knew he was approaching the home of some ranchman.
Advancing in this deliberate fashion, the outline of one of those long.
Nothing as yet had come to confirm that peculiar warning described, but his faith knew no weakening on that account.
Nothing as yet had come to confirm that peculiar warning described, but his faith knew no weakening on that account.
Sitting in front of his own home during the evening, it naturally happened that he was without any weapon at immediate command.
Sitting in front of his own home during the evening.
Sterry did not dismount, but, sitting in the saddle, looked on the sorrowful sight as revealed by the glow of the burning building.
Sitting in the saddle.
Looking in that direction, the rider saw the figure of a horseman assume shape in the glow as his animal advanced at a slow step.
Looking in that direction, the rider saw the figure of a horseman assume shape in the glow as his animal advanced at a slow step.
Something in the appearance of the surroundings was familiar to Sterry, but he could not identify them.
Something in the appearance of the surroundings was familiar to Sterry, but he could not identify them.
Dick Hawkridge, standing on the ground, looked up in the bronzed face of Duke Vesey, sitting in the saddle.
Standing on the ground.
But, glancing over his shoulder, he was startled to observe that the man, instead of moving off, as he had supposed, was standing motionless in the gloom, as if studying him.
Glancing over his shoulder.
Asbury with the message which he delivered.ney to notify Capt. Inman that he would retain Vesey as a hostage, guaranteeing that whatever harm was visited upon Sterry should descend upon the head of Vesey.
Guaranteeing that whatever harm was visited upon Sterry should descend upon the head of Vesey.
The main events of the troubles in Wyoming between the cowmen and rustlers are too well remembered to require recital at our hands.
Wyoming between the cowmen and rustlers are too well remembered to require recital at our hands.
