jack put his arm out the window, waving his hat like a visiting dignitary, backed into the street, and floated away, gentling the gleaming dirigible through the shadows of arching elm trees, light dropping on it through their leaves like confetti as it made its ceremonious passage.
a sudden warm rainstorm washes down in sweet hyphens.
and as the ax bites into the wood, be comforted in the fact that the ache in your heart and the confusion in your soul means that you are still alive, still human, and still open to the beauty of the world, even though you have done nothing to deserve it.
within seconds of that thought, the train entered Washington, where she was to come to her end more than sixty-eight years later, a mother to seven living and two dead, a grandmother to twenty-one living and three dead, a great-grandmother to twelve, a great-great grandmother to twins.
we were all a little drunk with spring, like the fat bees reeling from flower to flower, and a strange insurrectionary current ran among us.
when he was dry, he believed it was alcohol he needed, but when he had a few drinks in him, he knew it was something else, possibly a woman; and when he had it all — cash, booze, and a wife — he couldn’t be distracted from the great emptiness that was always falling through him and never hit the ground.
lizards skit like quick beige sticks.
saint Rufina, a famous woman who had been a very lovely young princess with long black hair who decided to give up her jewelry and become a nun and wear only the roughest clothes, and who died in a terrible way, by being eaten to death by wild dogs that ran through the church in the dead of wintertime, was in a special chapel all to herself, where one arm of her was set aside, that someone had scooped up and saved from the dogs, because everyone had loved her for her kindness and her healing ability.”
i heard the sonic rip of a military jet, like a giant trowel being dragged through wet concrete, but saw only blue above, a raw and saturated blue that seemed cut from an inner wedge of sky.
the sky, at sunset, looked like a carnivorous flower.
his voice traveled like a drug dripped down the spiraling canals of their ears until they had forgotten everything, until they had forgotten their own names, until they turned and offered themselves up to him, their bodies sweet and soft as marzipan.
men are like armored things, mountainous assemblages of armor and leather, masonry even, which you are told will self-dismantle if you touch the right spot, and out will flow passionate attention.
We waited for the taxi beside the Holderlin pump, and by the faint light that fell from the living-room window into the well i saw, with a shudder that went to the roots of my hair, a beetle rowing across the surface of the water, from one dark shore to the other.
on the ground, in the cave, now wrapped in darkness, they found themselves airborne over hills and valleys, floating through blue clouds to the mountaintop of pure ecstasy, from where, suspended in space, they felt the world go round and round, before they descended, sliding down a rainbow, toward the earth, their earth, where the grass, plants, and animals seemed to be singing a lullaby of silence as Nyawira and Kamiti, now locked in each other’s arms, slept the sleep of babies, the dawn of a new day awaiting.
inside us there is something that has no name, that something is what we are.
the Captain’s wife played the harp; she had very long arms, silver as eels on those nights, and armpits as dark and mysterious as sea urchins; and the sound of the harp was sweet and piercing, so sweet and piercing it was almost unbearable, and we were forced to let out long cries, not so much to accompany the music as to protect our hearing from it.
sea and sky were a single ash-gray thing and the sands of the beach, which on March nights glimmered like powdered light, had become a stew of mud and rotten shellfish.
in your life there are a few places, or maybe only the one place, where something happened, and then there are all the other places.
the circle of an empty day is brutal and at night it tightens around your neck like a noose.
in any case, at a certain point as she wandered out among the galaxies, among the whirling particles and ineffable numbers, something leaked in her mind, smudging the text of the cosmos, and she was lost.
And i still have other smothered memories, now unfolding themselves into limbless monsters of pain.
in our world, that’s the way you live your grown-up life: you must constantly rebuild your identity as an adult, the way it’s been put together is wobbly, ephemeral, and fragile, it cloaks despair and, when you’re alone in front of the mirror, it tells you the lies you need to believe.
Over the Tsushima Basin, i could hear the powerful clicks, like punches to the chest, of sperm whales hunting below, and nearing the island of Dogo, granite spires rose sudden from the sea, white up top from bird guano and orange below from great gatherings of starfish.
his fate had taken him off two trains this morning, had raised him to the surface at Whitehall Street, had shown him the spinning atoms, unraveling, the end of life, all of them people tethered by love, and habit, and work, and meaning, tied into a meaning suddenly exploded, because contrary to all he had imagined, being tied, being known, did not keep you safe.
he knows your name and you know his, and you almost killed him and, because you got so close to doing so but didn’t, you want to fall on him, weeping, because you are so lonely, so lonely always, and all contact is contact, and all contact makes us so grateful we want to cry and dance and cry and cry.
they were all scarecrows, blown about under the murdering sunball with empty ribcages.
Everything was still bathed and saturated with her presence — higher, wider, deeper than life, a shift in optics that had produced a rainbow edge, and i remember thinking that this must be how people felt after visions of saints — not that my mother was a saint, only that her appearance had been as distinct and startling as a flame leaping up in a dark room.
we die containing a richness of lovers and tribes, tastes we have swallowed, bodies we have plunged into and swum up as if rivers of wisdom, characters we have climbed into as if trees, fears we have hidden in as if caves.
she returned the computer after she noticed it was damaged.
whenever prices goes up, customers buy less products.
Because i had to catch the train, and as we were short on time, i forgot to pack my toothbrush for our vacation.
as she was bright and ambitious, she became a manager in no time.
wherever you go, you can always find beauty.
evergreen trees are a symbol of fertility because they do not die in the winter.
Although it was very long, i thought the movie was still enjoyable.
you should take your car in for a service because it's starting to make weird noises.
the actor was happy he got a part in a movie even though the part was small.
after the tornado hit, there was very little left standing.
The museum was very interesting, as i expected.
now that he's rich and famous, people make allowances for his idiosyncrasies.
even though he's thoroughly trained, he still makes a lot of mistakes.
Since winter is coming, i think i'll knit a warm sweater, because i'm always cold.
When i was younger, i believed in fairy tales.
He told me to save this coupon in case i come back to the store tomorrow.
let's go back to Chez Nous because it's where we had our first date.
Although my friends begged me, i chose not to go to the reunion.
as genes change over time, evolution progresses.
he really didn't like the movie even though the acting was good.
when Max got a creampie smashed in his face, everyone laughed.
after being apart for years, he still had feelings for her.
