Yes, I think I will take the complimentary pillow mint.
No, that's unreasonable; there shouldn't be a charge for an item that you said was complimentary.
No, it's not complimentary if you're charging me for it.
Yes, I have a pretty good understanding of the word complimentary; clearly you don't.
I went to the hotel thinking, "Yes, my vacation will be free of worry."
Early on, however, I thought,"No, it can't be—there's no way my high school crush is also here."
Yes, Max, we all know that you love Ditmas Park.
No, Max, we will not visit you in Ditmas Park, even if you are willing to pay for a Lyft ride out there.
No, I don't have anything against Ditmas Park, but I do hate long subway rides.
Yes, my current commute only takes half the time that it used—back when I lived in Ditmas Park.
No, I don't think removing that block is a good idea—our team will lose Jenga!
Yes, that's the Jenga piece that I'm talking about—the one with 'M' scratched into the side.
No, not another story about sourdough starters!
I wanted to make cookies but no, I did not have a chance to do so.
Yes, you may take the last apple—I'll tell dad it was me.
No, I swear it wasn't me—I wasn't even in town on that day!
Yes, we do plan to go ahead with the launch, even if the weather is bad.
No, weather will not deter us from launching today—we've put too much time and too many resources into this.
When asked if Space X was ready to launch, Elon Musk replied, "Yes, we're ready to escape from this planet."
Elon Musk's publicist quickly chimed in, "No, Elon didn't really mean escape."
"Yes, I did mean escape," said Musk as he pushed his publicist aside.
"No, I don't think of myself as a technologist version of Noah, with Space X being my Ark," replied Musk to the suggestion that he fancied himself a Biblical figure.
No, I'm no saying I don't support Space X.
Yes, I do support the idea of space travel for non-government people.
No, I don't think that humankind needs to abandon Earth altogether.
Yes, there has been some positive news, like the return of dolphins to the East River.
No, I'm not referring to that Lisa Frank binder artwork of dolphins.
Yes, I saw scientific evidence that dolphins are swimming in the East River!
Yes, it's actually a report from New York's Wildlife Conservation Society.
No, I haven't seen other dolphin-related reports; I guess I have to try to find other sources.
No, I haven't heard about other animals returning to the East River either.
Yes, I suppose this whole argument has a number of holes in it.
No, I don't think I need to apologize for disseminating information about dolphins in the harbor.
Yes, you're welcome to take responsibility for spreading that information.
No, I will not be held accountable for social media manipulation.
When told that my name was on the suspicious Twitter account I firmly stated, "No, that is false."
When the detective brought up another silly Twitter handle and asked if it was mine I said, "Yes, that's me."
"Yes, I was at the bank that afternoon," replied the robbery suspect.
"No, I finished my transaction before anything out of the ordinary happened," explained the robbery suspect.
"No, I didn't see anything strange on my way out of the bank that day," continued the robbery suspect.
"Yes, I'm certain of what I saw," explained the explained the suspect.
"No, I'm telling you that you've got the wrong bank!" shouted the suspect, now frustrated.
"If that's the case, then no, you don't have the right guy," said the police chief.
"Yes, chief we do," explained the older detective.
"No, I don't think you do, and I doubt your ability to go into these situations unbiased," said the chief.
"Yes, chief I can keep my cool—I'm not some bigotted hothead," said the increasingly frustrated detective.
"No, chief he can't—just look at him!" said the suspect, who filed a complaint against the detective. 
When the reporter asked the young man if he could forgive the detective for profiling him, he replied, "No, not yet."
When the reporter followed with a question as to whether he'd ever forgive the detective, he replied, "Yes, but not for some time."
"No, I'm not comfortable answering any questions about my dismissal," said the disgraced detective.
