Peggy had thinked that her sisters were on her side, but it turned out that they would betray her later as well. 
We had buyed this passion fruit flavored bubble gum thinking it would be disgusting, but it turned out to be the best thing we had ever tasted.
I had seed some interesting messages on billboards before, but I had never seen one that suggested that the Secretary of State is actually a robot in disguise.
She had doed everything that the cult leader asked her to, but she still wasn't allowed to advance to the next level of cult leader training.
Before we were aware of what was happening, my dog had eated a sock.
I had sewed the hole in my coat back together, but clearly I didn't do a very good job because it just broke again. 
My friends had stealed napkins from the dining hall before, but none of us thought that it was a huge deal. 
He tried to remember his professor's name, but he found that he had drawed a blank.
Mosquitos had bited the young girl before, but she had never developed any bug bites.
They had throwed flowers into the river to honor the loved ones that they lost.
We have been hoped for change, but it never comes. 
Before my youngest cousin was born, I was given all the clothes that I had already weared to charity.
She will have blowed out the candles before the frosting on her cake burns.
We have accidentally throwed a frisbee over the neighbor's hedges many times. 
James had thinked he saw a ghost in the kitchen, but it was just his grandmother baking a pumpkin pie.
Although they have drived at night many times before, this time is difficult because the car's headlights are not working.
I have rided my razor scooter down that avenue many times without a care in the world.
By the time Jill was supposed to have gone on a date with her boyfriend, she will have catched a cold.
We had shooked the contents of the bag to see what was inside, but we still had no idea what it was.
She thinks she will have swimmed in the ocean by this time next year; however, I think it will take much longer for her to learn how to swim.
Usually Matilda had tooked the bus to school, but today her brother was able to drive her.
Protestors have breaked the windows of various shops in SoHo.
None of the passerby had seed what happened, but they were all upset regardless.
The group has goed to the National Banana Festival every year for the last 40 years.
Social media has beed instrumental in spreading information about the Mars invasion.
Before there had beed some understanding of what beyond burgers are made of, I was disgusted at the thought of eating pea protein.
You have always payed attention in math class, unlike Ciara who is constantly distracted.
They will have seed several large purple clouds by the end of the day, which indicate that a major storm is brewing.
A few people had bitted her before, but it had never bothered her until now.
His uncle had gived him advice on how to deal with a rabid chihuahua, but he had never imagined needing to use it.
My computer has frozed many times while I've been trying to play Minecraft with my friends. 
By the time Samantha will have woked up, our Grandmother will already be on the plane back home.
He had sended many emails petitioning to shut down the local mall because they were secretly running an underground money laundering scheme there, but no one else cared about the cause.
They had haved a blast at the neighbor's backyard party, but they left once the police arrived to break it up.
It had beed sunny all day up until Mark and his friends decided to go kayaking on the river. 
Before I approach her to talk about what happened, I will have goed through all of the possible arguments and scenarios in my head. 
Most of the students had already tooked the exam; moreover, the state board of education mostly felt that the test was useless anyway.
The basketball team has only swimmed in that pool to warm up before practice a handful of times.
Many squirrels have drowned in the plastic kiddie pool in our backyard, which is why we have beginned to build a 20 foot high fence in our backyard.
I would have forgotted that it was National Peanut Butter day if the president had not given a speech about it.
Your cousins have beed annoying in the past, but lately they have been on their best behavior.
We have a great amount of respect for those who have flied back and forth across the country to visit their families over the holidays.
Music has gived me hope during this confusing and frustrating time. 
Edward had never goed fishing before; therefore, my dad took it upon himself to show him how to properly catch a fish.
He had already choosed to attend his ex-girlfriend's wedding when she told him that she wanted to leave her fiance and run away with him.
The infant will have already knowed three different political revolutions before they turn 10.
I had thinked that my facebook post would be met with scrutiny, but people were actually very supportive. 
Mary has forbidded her daughter from reading poetry by T.S. Eliot, and equally, David's father has also banned poetry in the household.
The online trend has drawed a lot of critics for being too performative, but some people believe that these online campaigns can be powerful.
We will have runned around in the dark looking for our glasses for at least 30 minutes before anyone offers to help us.
We had thinked that our mom was going to pick us up from school, but it turned out that our dad did.
Kylie has knowed Kendall for over 60 years.
I have maked pottery before, but I can't remember exactly how to spin the pottery wheel.
My dog had breaked the glass before I could stop him.
By this time tomorrow, we will have eated 10 meals in Italy, which is pretty cool because I didn't even know that we had left the United States.
Ian has drinked more than 15 drinks, so I think it's time for him to stop.
Yes, I have hitted a parked car before, but I never plan on doing that again, so please stop bringing it up.
Youtube will have taked down my video by now.
She thought she had waked up, but she was actually still dreaming.
Tina has weared the same shirt every day for over 12 years, but we still love her.
When I finish readed the new Hunger Games prequel, I will have read 7 books this month alone.
Jackie will have drived across the country 3 times after she drives to Oregon this summer.
Lucile thought she had choosed all of her courses for college already, but the system broke and erased all of her decisions.
Little Bob has growed up so quickly!
I have sitted in this chair for over 12 hours; if you don't let me walk around, I think my legs are going to fall off.
By 8 AM, Harry will have sleeped for 9 hours.
The principal had writted Reese up when he wore a shirt that said "I hate Principal Morris" to school on Thursday.
Our daughter has getted straight As on her report cards every single year since Kindergarten, but we know she could do better.
I would have beated you at chess if you hadn't cheated.
I don't think she will have finded the hidden clues by now, but we can check if you want.
Tyler had seed the movie before, but he pretended that he hadn't because he wanted to impress his crush.
Georgia has telled me before that she doesn't like olives, so why did I just see her in the corner shoveling pitted olives into her mouth?
I have throwed a tennis ball before, so stop acting like I'm a complete newbie to tennis.
The ultimate couponer will have buyed an entire grocery store worth of products for less than $2 by the time she buys the last few cans of beans next week.
Her tongue had freezed to the pole before she could pull it off, so she had to wait until the weather got hotter to escape from her predicament.
We have seed the neighbors throwing toilet paper in our trees before.
Yes, I think she has thinked about those concerns before.
By the end of the week, I think that I will have doed enough to get into the art school of my dreams.
Paul had sayed that he wanted to be boyfriend and girlfriend, but then he fled the country when I brought him flowers.
That dog has drinked way too much milk for its own good.
I have knowed about Stardew Valley for more than a year, but I just now got around to playing the game.
If I winned this hacky-sack competition, I will have won every single competition I've ever competed in.
Jack had holded a baby before, but he was still nervous to hold his newborn niece for fear of dropping her.
Kat has taked multiple courses on anthropology during her time at Pace University.
I think I have speaked German before, but I was dreaming when I did it, so I can't really remember any of the words.
I bet our cat will have breaked something by the time we get back home from this event.
The toddler had eated 4 brownies before I realized what was happening.
We have singed that song before, so I think we'll be able to remember the harmonies and melody for the performance.
No, he has doed enough.
By this time tomorrow, I will have maked more than 500 cookies for the bake sale.
I thought that the man had stealed my wallet, but it turned out that he'd just accidentally bumped into my on the subway because of a particularly violent turn.
Her pet snake has bitted people before, so be really careful when you hold it.
I have getted chicken pox before even though I got the vaccine when I was a baby.
He will have waked up at 6 AM every day for a week if he does it tomorrow.
She thought that her boyfriend had eated her slice of pizza; however, the pizza had actually just fallen onto the ground.
Rhea has buyed more than 2 million dollars of diamonds, and I have no idea when she plans on doing with them.
Even though I have drived on this highway before, I can't remember the exact exit we're supposed to use.
By this time tomorrow, I will have telled my husband that I don't want to be together anymore.
Although Becky had already taked the SAT, she had to take it again because she was suspected of cheating.
My pet parakeet has writed a book!
