We were waiting for grandma to pick us up from practice when we realized we'd left our backpacks in the band room.
Only a select few people knew who Halsey was up until 2018, when she became a household name by campaigning to become the Prime Minister of France.
She began to learn how to play the oboe when she turned 12. 
The whale blew a huge stream of water from its blowhole, captivating the hordes of tourists on the ship.
Please don't tell mom that I broke the old record player that she received as a wedding gift.
He brought a big dish of spinach dip and several bottles of wine to our dinner party, and he even helped us clean up afterwards!
I had built a fence to keep the deer from climbing into my vegetable garden and eating everything, but I forgot that deer can jump over 9 feet high. 
Just as I was getting ready to sneak out the front door to go night fishing with my best friend, my aunt Peggy burst into the room and caught me.
The group of men bought standing mixers so that they could continue quickly baking large quantities of carrot cake.
Dad and I caught ten different fish that day, but none of them were edible.
We could have transferred to the 1 at Columbus Circle, but we chose to stay on the A train and walk the rest of the way once we were downtown.
He rode more than one hundred horses throughout his childhood in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Unless you ran faster than the fastest man alive, I seriously doubt that you were able to run from your house to the store five miles away in less than 30 seconds.
He said that he wanted to be together forever, but he cheated and then broke up with me the very next day!
She saw a bunch of different types of animals during her vacation in Africa.
Playing hide and seek with my little brother was never very difficult because he always hid in plain sight, so we always sought him out within a minute of playing the game.
Because it was Black Friday yesterday, we sold every single item we had in stock.
His grandmother sent him a letter on his birthday.
Lucile asked me to wake her up at 6 AM this morning, but even though I shook her as hard as I could, she wouldn't wake up.
My 8 year old cousin sang during the entire 15 hour car ride.
The sun shone through the open window, slowly warming up the entire room and peacefully waking me up from my nap.
Superman came from planet Krypton.
Yvette cut her thumb while chopping onions.
The school administration dealt with the problem by giving all students a chance to share their side of the story.
Jada did her homework before she watched her favorite TV show.
Before the dentist told me to switch to tea, I drank a whole pot of coffee before work every day.
I don't like that movie in which Ryan Gosling wore a scorpion jacket and drove a car around LA.
Did you hear the one about the anteater that ate spiders?
The curious cat almost fell into the laundry basket!
They fed their turtle live crickets.
Her stomach felt strange after she stood on the deck of the ship.
The director fought with the studio to release his uncut movie.
Helen found a five-dollar bill under her chair.
The cat sprouted wings and flew out the window.
I was forbade from seeing my friends after we all got in trouble with the principal.
I forgot my own name after I hit my head.
They forgave me after I admitted to switching the ballot boxes.
I froze with fear when I heard a bump in the night.
Travis got a passing score on his exam.
Who gave you such a nice present?
I went to the DMV for a new license.
My nephew grew two inches since I saw him last.
I had a sandwich for lunch.
You heard me!
I hid from my dad after I wrecked his car.
When I was little, I held my big sister's hand crossing the street.
He hurt his knee in a Muay Thai class.
You kept it a secret from mom.
You knew the answer all along, didn't you?
She had laid the blanket down before she left.
Che Gueverra led a revolution.
They left me alone on this island!
Mr. Smith let me in after I knocked on his door three times.
She laid the blanket on the floor when I asked.
I lost my apartment key!
I made a terrible drawing for the remote daily challenge.
Harry met Sally when they carpooled to New York.
Charmain was not paid enough to stay at her job.
On the day that Charmaine quit her job, she only sat at her desk for ten minutes.
Max did not tell his grandma that he read that book already.
Charmaine sat at her desk for ten minutes before quitting her job.
When Rae was a child, she slept on her bed, not in it.
Your father and I spoke about our childhoods in Buffalo, NY.
I made a terible mistake; I spent my life's savings on a jetski.
Merlin sprang to his feet when his owner opened a can of tuna.
Richard stood up and said, "I will not stand for this!"
The master thief stole the priceless painting.
Naeta swam to shore when she saw a mysterious fin in the ocean.
Sara saw another planet when she swung over the railing.
I accidently took my sister's lunch to school with me.
Ms. Palmer taught me how diagram a sentence.
Alejandro tore a muscle in a soccer accident.
I told you not to drink so much water before a four-hour movie.
Wait, I thought that you live in Brooklyn!
Nathan threw the baseball farther than his coach expected him to.
JacQueline understood her student's needs.
I woke up with purple eyebrows!
Emelio wore two different types of socks.
Fatoumata won the prize.
I once wrote a poem about writing mistakes.
Charlie arose at dawn, before everyone else in her family.
Shaunear awkoke from a terrible nightmare.
A basketball player beat a football player in a celebrity golf tournament.
The robot bent metal for construction workers.
The monkey bit the tourist's hand.
Blake bled because he biked into a thorn bush.
Count Christoff crept back to his cript because he didn't enjoy the party.
Hoping to find a buried treasure, Lydia dug deep hole in her backyard.
Michaela drew cartoons of all of her teachers.
As soon as he was home from school, Ruben flung his backpack to the ground.
Karishma hit the brakes when she saw an old man wandering across the street.
Dorina lent Cesar her Chromebook.
Mr. D meant that only part of the homework was online.
Princeton misunderstood Mr. D's instructions.
Xavier put his notebook in the wrong backpack!
The phone rang three times before someone picked it up
The kid rose from bed when his alarm went off.
The car's wheels slid in the snow.
The coin spun on its edge before it fell flat.
The shopkeeper swept the floor before he turned off the lights of the store.
