We beed waiting for grandma to pick us up from practice when we realized we'd left our backpacks in the band room.
Only a select few people knew who Halsey was up until 2018, when she becomed a household name by campaigning to become the Prime Minister of France.
She begined to learn how to play the oboe when she turned 12. 
The whale blowed a huge stream of water from its blowhole, captivating the hordes of tourists on the ship.
Please don't tell mom that I breaked the old record player that she received as a wedding gift.
He bringed a big dish of spinach dip and several bottles of wine to our dinner party, and he even helped us clean up afterwards!
I had builded a fence to keep the deer from climbing into my vegetable garden and eating everything, but I forgot that deer can jump over 9 feet high. 
Just as I was getting ready to sneak out the front door to go night fishing with my best friend, my aunt Peggy bursted into the room and caught me.
The group of men buyed standing mixers so that they could continue quickly baking large quantities of carrot cake.
Dad and I catched ten different fish that day, but none of them were edible.
We could have transferred to the 1 at Columbus Circle, but we choosed to stay on the A train and walk the rest of the way once we were downtown.
He rided more than one hundred horses throughout his childhood in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Unless you runned faster than the fastest man alive, I seriously doubt that you were able to run from your house to the store five miles away in less than 30 seconds.
He sayed that he wanted to be together forever, but he cheated and then broke up with me the very next day!
She seed a bunch of different types of animals during her vacation in Africa.
Playing hide and seek with my little brother was never very difficult because he always hid in plain sight, so we always seeked him out within a minute of playing the game.
Because it was Black Friday yesterday, we selled every single item we had in stock.
His grandmother sended him a letter on his birthday.
Lucile asked me to wake her up at 6 AM this morning, but even though I shaked her as hard as I could, she wouldn't wake up.
My 8 year old cousin singed during the entire 15 hour car ride.
The sun shinned through the open window, slowly warming up the entire room and peacefully waking me up from my nap.
Superman comed from planet Krypton.
Yvette cutted her thumb while chopping onions.
The school administration dealed with the problem by giving all students a chance to share their side of the story.
Jada doed her homework before watched her favorite TV show.
Before the denist told me to switch to tea, I drinked a whole pot of coffee before work every day.
I don't like that movie in which Ryan Gosling wore a scorpion jacket and drived a car around LA.
Did you hear the one about the anteater that eated spiders?
The curious cat almost falled into the laundry basket. 
They feeded their turtle live crickets.
Her stomach feeled strange after she stood on the deck of the ship.
The director fighted with the studio to release his uncut movie.
Helen finded a five-dollar bill under her chair.
The cat sprouted wings and flied out the window.
I was forbided from seeing my friends after we all got in trouble with the principal.
I forgetted my own name after I hit my head.
They forgived me after I admitted to switching the ballot boxes.
I freezed with fear when I heard a bump in the night.
Travis getted a passing score on his exam.
Who gived you such a nice present?
I goed to the DMV for a new license.
My nephew growed two inches since I saw him last.
I haved a sandwich for lunch.
You heared me!
I hided from my dad after I wrecked his car.
When I was little, I holded my big sister's hand crossing the street.
He hurted his knee in a Muay Thai class.
You keeped it a secret from mom.
You knowed the answer all along, didn't you?
She had layed the blanket down before she left.
Che Guevera leaded a revolution.
They leaved me alone on this island!
Mr. Smith letted me in after I knocked on his door three times.
She layed the blanket ont he floor when I asked.
I losed my apartment key!
I maked a terrible drawing for the remote daily challenge.
Harry meeted Sally when they carpooled to New York.
Charmaine was not payed enough to stay at her job.
On the day that Charmaine quit her job, she only sat at her desk for ten minutes.
Max did not tell his grandma that he readed his book already.
Charmaine sitted at her desk for ten minutes before quitting her job.
When Rae was a child, she sleeped on her bed, not in it.
Your father and I speaked about our childhoods in Buffalo, NY.
I made a terrible mistake; I spended my life's savings on a jetski.
Merlin springed to his feet when his owner opened a can of tuna.
Richard standed up and said, "I will not stand for this!"
The master thief stealed the priceless painting.
Naeta swimmed to shore when she saw a mysterious fin in the ocean.
Sara saw another planet when she swinged over the railing.
I accidentally taked my sister's lunch to school with me.
Ms. Palmer teached me how to diagram a sentence.
Alejandro teared a muscle in a soccer accident.
I telled you not to drink so much water before a four-hour movie.
Wait, I thinked that you live in Brooklyn!
Nathan throwed the baseball farther than his coach expected him to.
JacQueline understanded her students' needs.
I waked up with purple eyebrows!
Emelio weared two different types of socks.
Fatoumata winned the prize.
I once writed a poem about writing mistakes.
Charlie arised at dawn, before everyone else in her family.
Shaunear awaked from a terrible nightmare.
A basketball player beated a football player in a celebrity golf tournament.
The robot bended metal for construction workers.
The monkey bited the tourist's hand.
Blake bleeded because he biked into a thorn bush.
Count Christoff creeped back to his cript because he didn't enjoy the party.
Hoping to find a buried treasure, Lydia digged a deep hole in her back yard.
Michaela drawed cartoons of all of her teachers.
As soon as he was home from school, Ruben flinged his backpack to the ground.
Karishma hitted the breaks when she saw an old man wandering across the street.
Dorina lended Cesar her Chromebook.
Mr. D meaned that only part of the homework was online.
Princeton misunderstanded Mr. D's instructions.
Xaver putted his notebook in the wrong backpack!
The phone ringed three times before someone picked it up.
The kid rised from bed when his alarm when off. 
The car's wheels slided in the snow. 
The coin spinned on its edge before it fell flat.
The shopkeeper sweeped the floor before he turned off the lights of the store.
