Felix was one of many men who applied for the coaching job.
Joshua and Isaiah are the names of the men being interviewed on TV.
Aaron, Ethan, and Jaden were the men who opened the new pizzaria.
Xavier welcomed the other men to the support group.
Were there men or women the company softball team?
Why did the men complain about the new work hours?
Who were the men at the door?
Taras waited with the other men for the meeting to start.
"I need more men!" shouted the military commander.
Did the men get the same notification as the women?
Draven, Louis, and Christian asked if other men had taken the survey; they felt like they were the only ones.
Miguel was the first of many men to become vegetarian after reading an article in Healthy Dude that described the dangers of heavy meat consumption.
How many more men have to do something awful before the rest change their behaviors in Hollywood?
Before 1920, the only people who could vote were white men.
After 1920, it wasn't just men who could vote; women could vote as well.
Taimaine asked his teacher, "Where do men sign up for extra-curricular activities?"
Justin, Tony, and Dylan were the only men who showed up to the coat drive; every other volunteer was female.
Giann wasn't sure where to find the men he worked with at the big event; he felt utterly alone.
Gabriella soon realized that what she thought was a photography class for women was actually a sculpture class for men.
When Linda sat down for class, she realized that she was the only woman; all of her classmates were men.
Officer Molinari asked the robbery suspect, "Who were the men who put you up to this?" knowing that young man did not act on his own.
"Officer," said the suspect calmly, "there were no men who put me up to this. I acted on my own."
"Men, follow me into battle, and you shall be rewarded," said the cowardly commander from the safety of his bunker.
The men at the site of the robbery were just going about their daily business; they commited no crime.
My men will follow me to the ends of the earth; they are loyal to their leader.
The cult leader lost the support of his followers; all of his men doubted his ideology when they saw that it endangered children.
Some menwant to be pilots, but others want to be engineers who design the airplanes.
All the men who attended that protest were angry that they couldn't get haircuts.
To those men, haircuts mattered more than public health.
Some of those men marched at the haircut protest, even if they were bald.
"I have just as much a right to a haircut as those men who still have their hair," said the bald man.
The reporter covering the story was in shock; she'd never seen so many crazy men.
"I'll gather all the men and women in the fire department immediately!" exclaimed the fire chief.
Children of Men' has an incredible single-shot sequence, so it's no surprise that it was nominated for Best Cinematography.
Although they are called the X-Men, the superhero team has men, womens, and non-binary individuals.
A lot of men, upset that the new 'Mad Max' movie had a female lead, went crazy on Reddit.
Fortunately, the men on Reddit did not win; most people lauded the movie and its message.
Sadly, many men go to Reddit to rant about other female-centered remakes of movies from their childhood.
Don't these men know better than to rant online?
The Reddit rants revealed that these men were insecure sexists, and soon parody tirades emerged. 
One Youtube personality made a series of videoes that satirized the actions of these men.
The Youtuber gained millions of followers and an endorsement from Barack Obama, whereas the Reddit men faded into obscurity.
The aliens exclaimed, "We are not men from Mars! We are men from a planet outside of your solar system!"
The scientist was surprised that the aliens identified as a group of men because she assumed that the extraterrestrials did not use human gender identifiers.
"Is your planet filled with men, or is there another gender as well?" asked the scientist.
"Nah, all men—our planet loves listening to Joe Rogan," said the aliens' leader.
"Men do love his podcast," said the scientist, feeling that the aliens' leader provided sound evidence of male-only planet.
"We are men, so of course we love his podcast!" exclaimed the aliens' leader.
Joe Rogan was sad to hear the news about the aliens because he hoped that his listenership would expand beyond men.
Rumor has it that men aren't his only listeners, but that seems like a stretch.
