The book was forgeted less than a year after it had come out. 
I was going to sit on the couch and watch a movie, but I was beated by my sister who had arrived there first. 
The illness was likely gived to her by someone in the grocery store, though they can never be entirely sure. 
Halsey was forgived easily by her fans for breaking her ankle while loading the dishwasher.
The bananas were flied in from Peru, but she had grown the strawberries herself in the garden out back.
We would offer to give you a ride to the party, but her car was stealed just last week. 
The little dog was waked up by the loud, sudden clap of thunder.
The herbs were growed in little container gardens outdoors, but they also do well inside the house.
The Pope was forbidded from visiting Philadelphia because he had offended the mayor, but he decided to do it anyway.
You were last seed wearing a beautiful red dress, and everyone talked about how good it looked on you. 
The incident was forgeted about long before they ever even had the chance to discuss it.
Our lunch was eated in silence as we tried to avoid the uncomfortable topic at hand. 
The Toyota Corolla was drived for hundreds of thousands for miles until my mom hit a deer and wrecked the vehicle. 
At that time, wearing shoes inside the house was forbided, but my friends and I still broke the rules from time to time. 
The desk chair was flied from a warehouse in China, loaded into a shipping van, and carted all the way across the country just so that it could be delivered to my doorstep.
A pair of Apple AirPods was freezed solid into the block of ice, and if I wanted them then I would simply need to wait for the ice to melt.
The bad news was gived to Lady Gaga by her mother, who told her while grimacing and burping uncomfortably.
Our giant flatscreen TV was actually growed from a TV seed in my backyard.
A Horcrux was hided somewhere in her grandmother's house, but Hermione was too tired and hungover to try and search for it.
When Frances went downstairs, a note was writed by her father letting her know that he had gone to the store to buy eggs and milk.
My French teacher was last seed trying to organize a secret teacher's union in the break room; however, no one has heard from her since.
The poem was choosed for publication because the editors had never read a poem written entirely in emojis before.
As soon as the words were speaked aloud, Michelle knew that the dynamic was completely ruined between her and her divorce lawyer.
The pin was weared by everyone who opposed the Supreme Court decision as a sign of solidarity.
His texts were all writed in complete gibberish, so they were difficult to understand.
A plan was drawed up by the University's board of directors for re-opening without consulting an experts or asking the student body for input.
Normally, eggnog was only drinked by my family on special occasions, but we decided to open a carton of it since it was the hottest day of the year. 
The lettuce was teared apart by our fingers as we chopped vegetables and put together a dressing for the salad.
Eating basil in public was strictly forbided by the Italian government up until 2011, when the International Basil Advocacy Group finally had their first major victory.
Normally, the public pool was swimmed in by all the neighborhood kids during the summer, but this year it is closed down.
Our friend Charles was bited by our other friend Liam last summer, which explains why they don't like each other very much.
The playlist was choosed by Larisa, who pretty much only listens to Latvian folk music; therefore, none of us knew any of the words.
Dad was waked up in the middle of the night again by his kidney stone pains.
I was shooked by her sudden outburst, but it didn't change my decision to sign a year long lease on the haunted house.
The local Eggplant Enthusiast's club was ranned by two girls I'd seen walking around our neighborhood before.
The wedding shower was throwed by her family members, a few close friends, and every cashier she'd ever encountered at Walgreens.
The ballots were teared in half by the malicious board of elections member because he wanted to make sure that his favorite candidate would win.
Beluga whales were ridded by tourists up until the end of the second World War, when PETA stepped in and decided that the practice was morally wrong.
The meeting was runned in an orderly fashion, except for when a gaggle of wild geese burst into the conference room and started honking wildly.
A secret message was sewed into the lining of the coat, so Jacob began tearing away the inner lining to try and see what it was.
Everyone was shooked by the sudden loss of our class pet Lizard, but we decided to move on as if nothing traumatic had happened.
The candles were blowed out by the child, even though she was barely a year old and didn't quite understand what she was supposed to be doing.
In the early days of Trader Joe's, the bell at the front of the store was ringed every time a customer decided to purchase a jar of tahini.
The egg whites were beated into a creamy meringue while I checked on the lemon pie in the oven.
His reputation was knowed by nearly everyone in the music scene there, but he was still socially successful and managed to get a lot of dates.
She was throwed off by how candid he was being with her, but she knew not to take it to heart.
Sometimes it feels like years of our youth were stealed by the pandemic, but then we remember to look at the big picture and feel grateful for what we do have.
The employee was forgived by his boss for gossiping loudly in the break room, but the coworkers he'd gossiped about were still deeply hurt and offended. 
My love of caramelized onions as a topping was gived to me by my father, who is of Polish heritage.
The lawn was mowed a couple of weeks ago, but it's gotten pretty unruly so we should probably tend to it again soon.
The zoo's largest leopard is knowed for its peculiar smell.
Some celebrities are taked for granted by their fans, but I guess that's just what they signed up for.
That teapot was breaked by the wind, not by me!
All of the cannolis were eated by the time I arrived at the gala.
My husband is waked up every morning to the sound of north-eastern bird calls, which he detests.
The secret magic gems are hided throughout the video game, so you'll have to look around carefully in each level you encounter.
This magazine was writed by Rachael Ray, so there is more cooking content in here than there is in other magazines.
All of the children were bited by mosquitos during their day out in Washington Square Park.
The hat is weared by my brother every single day.
Tractors are drived by farmers.
Jackie was choosed as the Homecoming Queen this year, but she was dethroned by an angry peer.
These updates were doed with approval from the boss.
Our bedroom curtain is drawed from 9 PM to 7 AM.
All of our past issues are forgeted when we're in public together, but they crop back up in private.
My son was forgived by the priest, so he will not be going to hell.
The lakes near my house were freezed solid this weekend, so we had to ice fish and ice skate instead of fish and swim.
I think that this tomato was growed in their backyard, which is incredible because it seems like their yard doesn't really get any sunlight.
The members of the Bellview soccer team are beated every single time their compete, but they still enjoy playing because they get Capri-Suns after each game.
My sister was bited by a bear!
I guess all of the leaves were blowed away during the hurricane last night.
Your secret is knowed by the whole school even though you tried to keep it from getting out.
Posters on school walls are taked down at the end of each Friday, so please collect any posters that you want to repost on Monday.
This portrait was doed by the late Tina Fey.
All of her fingers were bited off by the piranhas, but she always hated the way her fingers looked, so I think she's happy about this course of events.
I think my nose is breaked.
Hamburgers are eated by millions of Americans every year.
I was waked up in the middle of the night from a recurring nightmare about John Travolta.
The pipes were bended, but not broken, so we were able to fix the leaky sink.
So many presents are buyed the day before Christmas.
My daughter is teached math by a werewolf, but we're okay with that because we're open-minded.
Her missing dog was finded last night!
They were finded in the woods because a kind ghost helped lead them back to an opening in the trees.
My hairstyle is seed by some as "unprofessional" or "confusing," but I personally like the half-mohawk, half-mullet style.
Both of our wives are holded hostage by criminals right now, and the only way to get them to safety is to pay a two million dollar ransom.
That poet was sayed to be one of the best writers of the century.
All 17 of the official UN languages were speaked at the international headquarters.
This story is always telled by Grandma.
Those novels are thinked to be the most impressive of our generation.
My poster was teared by one of you, and we aren't leaving this room until I find out who did it.
These shoes were weared in the Australian outback.
As it is writed, it shall be done.
I think all of her classes are doed, so you can pick her up from school whenever you get a chance.
The relay race was winned by the red team, so they're going to get a special shout-out at the final ceremony tonight.
I'm sorry to tell you this, but I think those shoes you wanted were buyed by somebody else yesterday.
The door of the office was breaked by the last person who left last night.
Those songs were singed by the artist last week.
This beautiful piece of artwork was doed by Vincent Van Gogh himself.
Both of our books were seed by publishers!
Chocolate is eated by people in every single country on the planet.
Most of our food is freezed in the freezer before we reheat it for meals.
