It's a Wonderful Life watched by many American families during Christmastime. 
She known for her strange ASMR videos, in which she pretends to be a nun curing the viewer of the plague. 
My favorite book written in the third person point of view, but my sister prefers books that are written in first person. 
The columnist praised for her interesting reflections on the internet and pop culture, but Jamie wasn't impressed by her writing.
Lana Del Rey criticized by other singer-songwriters for not knowing how to swim, but the pop star doesn't let their mean comments affect her mood.
Moms taken for granted by their children constantly, but for one day in May we try to honor their hard work with gifts and quality time spent with them. 
I was really excited to see Vampire Weekend at a musical festival this year; however, the festival being rescheduled to a later date because of coronavirus.
Normally, a healthy sourdough starter fed with whole wheat flour twice a day, but since I can't find flour at any store, I am feeding my starter with dirt.
Vegetables often grown directly in the ground, but this year we are experimenting with keeping a container garden.
Lavender essential oil used for its calming effects during massages, but it can also give most humans the power to fly if ingested orally.
Her addiction to sour patch watermelon candies known to be one of the worst in the world.
Swedish cardamom seed coffee bread eaten by my family and me every year during the holidays.
The Room, directed by Tommy Wiseau, considered one of the worst movies ever made; nevertheless, it has amassed a cult following of people who ironically enjoy the film.
In California, the stay-at-home order extended for the next three months.
Working in an office understood to be an important part of team-building, but many companies are discovering that they can be just as productive while working from home.
My dad designated as the person who cooks all the meals in our household, while I am the one who does all of the dishes.
The virus contained in certain parts of the state, but it will be a long time until New York City can return to normal.
It assumed all symptomatic people would be tested and that each positive result would lead to tests of 10 contacts.
It often said that if you teach a man how to fish, he will eat for a lifetime.
At Gear Motions, a manufacturer based in Syracuse that deemed essential and has stayed open through the shutdown, managers found that they had to deal with a very human concern: fear.
The way that progress measured is not over the course of a few days, but rather over the course of years.
The decisions of Donald Trump praised often by his supporters while members of the CDC and other scientific organizations look on in horror.
My sister loved and celebrated by our family for her delicious baked goods, but she also makes amazing tzatziki.
The man pulled over by the police officer for driving over the 25 mile per hour speed limit.
The book read by every man, woman, and child who wished to learn more about how to survive a potentially deadly sharknado.
Blue Angels flown over various United States cities as a thank you to the nurses and essential service workers.
After the man was offered the position at the bank, he given a few days to think about whether or not he'd like to accept the job.
The movie made by my best friend, who earned her degree in film last year and immediately began her career as a director.
His new puppy being watched by his grandmother, but she's never been too great at taking care of small animals.
The director of the museum seated next to the famous actress at the gala.
Biking understood as a way to exercise that is easier on your joints than running.
Rather than risking heat damage by using a straightening iron, braiding one's hair known to be a way to produce curls naturally.
My lease renewed by my roommates on the 31st, but I decided not to renew because I am moving into another apartment.
His socks destroyed by the aggressive and violent washing machine.
It claimed by some experts that injecting hand sanitizer into one's veins could mitigate the spread of the virus, but the theory has since been disproven.
Many bottles of wine consumed by the teenagers, who hung out by the train tracks and smashed the glass bottles when they were done drinking from them.
A comforting meal prepared by her mother as she nervously took calls and sent emails from the other room. 
The news spread easily from person to person, and by the time it announced that the dance studio was going to shut down, most of the dancers already knew.
His makeup done by his best friend, since they are training to become a professional makeup artist.
The black sportscar hit by Denise, who did not see it as she was backing out of the driveway.
The story told often as a cautionary tale of what can happen if you don't use your turn signal when driving.
Her experience understood by many, but it was hard for her father to understand what it is like to be part mermaid.
3oh!3 is a band that mostly listened to by middle schoolers, but I secretly really love their song "Don't Trust Me."
The mural on the wall painted by my uncle, who was once studying to be an artist.
The song originally written by Kesha, but the country-rap artist Lil Nas X recorded and popularized the now well-known tune. 
Our puppy fed every day at 9am and 5pm. 
Language can be taught through formal education, but it also absorbed indirectly through one's environment, upbringing, and surroundings. 
The writing contest judged by a panel of 25 expert spear-fishers; however, there is no one with actual writing experience on the board of judges.
The muffins baked by Peggy, who has a special recipe for lemon poppyseed muffins.
Most of my friends and family call me Debbie, but at work, I called Deborah.
The water bottle filled with apple juice instead of water, which made everybody very uncomfortable.
My grandmother known for being the woman who yells at the squirrels every morning for hogging the bird-feeders.
The barbecue cooked by my mom, so it tasted really good.
We painted little white stars on the black beam on the ceiling in our apartment, which constructed by the previous owners of the building.
All of the flowers in the giant field pollinated by worker bees, who bring the pollen back to the hive so that other bees can turn it into honey.
His sister berated by their parents for sneaking out of her upstairs window at 3 PM and going to a blue cheese-themed party down the street.
The flour packed tightly into the mold for the peanut butter sugar cookies.
The song "Telephone" by Lady Gaga and Beyonce known as the rallying cry for the gay community ever since Sarah Palin tweeted about how much she hated the bop.
The poncho worn by Kayla to the function even though it was way to hot outside for warm garments like that.
Harry Styles's music taken for granted by self-proclaimed music snobs because of his previous membership in the boyband One Direction.
The lightbulb turned on by my friend as I stepped up the 10-foot ladder to change the bulb.
That green apple eaten by the police officer, and was actually an integral part of the crime scene.
Inside the kiln, the pottery fired into the shape of an ornate vase.
You can tell that that post-it note written on by the hairstylist in hurry because the handwriting is so messy.
This garbage bag filled with old socks from your room that you refused to clean up for seven years.
We all know that that iconic coffee mug used by the choir director, who has a part-time job as a circus clown for children's' birthday parties throughout town.
In the black and white cartoon movie, a spear thrown at the bandit by a culturally insensitive depiction of a Native American.
That shoe box thrown away for its rancid smell.
The stunning rainbow photographed by the wildlife photographer right when the thunderstorm ended on top of Mount Everest.
Our brick fireplace built by the construction workers who constructed the entire house, and it's the center-piece of our mansion.
Even though her parents couldn't find any four-leaf clovers for the life of them, the only four-leaf clover found by their four year old child.
Be careful because that nail gun only used by my dad and my step-mom.
Dolly Parton known for her unique voice and appearance.
The windmill toppled by the heavy wind last Tuesday, which surprised everybody in the village as the windmill had been standing for over a millennium. 
Brandi Carlile heckled by an audience member, but she stood up for herself by writing a clap-back song on the spot.
The cat's nails cut by the vet.
That telescope bought for my daughter for her 17th birthday, but it broke right when she tried to set it up in the backyard.
The community Christmas tree decorated by all the children in the neighborhood each holiday season.
George Washington offended by Alexander Hamilton's absurd statement that George had been adopted Bill and Hillary Clinton and was in fact not a true American citizen.
My bathroom wallpaper installed with great attention to detail, so please stop insulting it.
This vase decorated with rare flowers and painted by the Queen of England herself, so it's particularly special to my family and me.
A piece of old chewing gum thrown away by the teenager during her mandatory school cleaning session.
Inside the furniture store, the leather couch sat on by the burly man, who wanted to try out every single couch in stock.
His eyebrows trimmed with scissors by the cheapest barber in town.
All of the people in the audience stood back behind the giant barrier as the fireworks set off by the professional.
Rachel Maddow judged by critics on Twitter for her impression of Mitch McConnell, which was actually pretty accurate.
The beautiful golden tapestry hung up by the pirate, but he accidentally ripped the fabric with his hook hand.
In this house, coasters used for wine glasses only.
The wild spotted giraffe known for its long neck and for its ability to hop over a barbed wire fence with grace and ease.
This particular mushroom loved for its flavor, but I personally think that it tastes like somebody blended together a raw chicken thigh, a container of moldy blueberries, and a used kitchen rag.
All of our house's windows broken by the hurricane, which ransacked the entire town, leaving only dust and debris in its tracks.
Fergie given an award at the annual Grammy's, an award show that celebrates the top tennis players in the nation.
The pack of tissues thrown to the ground by a rude passenger in the Ford truck, which appeared to have driven through a large swamp before arriving at the McDonald's drive thru window.
All of the open nail polish containers knocked over by our dog as he ran to his food bowl for dinner.
An entire truck of kombucha consumed by the large group of Georgian citizens, ages 12 to 109.
This vanilla-scented candle lit with a lighter, not a match.
His personal helicopter stationed on top of the building, but the police quickly apprehended him and forced him to leave the no-fly zone for the safety of himself and others.
In addition to his candidacy for Yugoslavian parliament, Matt Smith known for his role as Rose Tyler in Doctor Who.
This dictionary bound with a red leather binding.
My grandfather's newspaper torn apart by my pet ferret, Michelle, who desperately needs a bath and a new coat of paint.
