The book was forgotten less than a year after it had come out. 
I was going to sit on the couch and watch a movie, but I was beaten by my sister who had arrived there first. 
The illness was likely given to her by someone in the grocery store, though they can never be entirely sure. 
Halsey was forgiven easily by her fans for breaking her ankle while loading the dishwasher.
The bananas were flown in from Peru, but she had grown the strawberries herself in the garden out back.
We would offer to give you a ride to the party, but her car was stolen just last week. 
The little dog was woke up by the loud, sudden clap of thunder.
The herbs were grown in little container gardens outdoors, but they also do well inside the house.
The Pope was forbidden from visiting Philadelphia because he had offended the mayor, but he decided to do it anyway.
You were last seen wearing a beautiful red dress, and everyone talked about how good it looked on you. 
The incident was forgotten about long before they ever even had the chance to discuss it.
Our lunch was eaten in silence as we tried to avoid the uncomfortable topic at hand. 
The Toyota Corolla was driven for hundreds of thousands for miles until my mom hit a deer and wrecked the vehicle. 
At that time, wearing shoes inside the house was forbidden, but my friends and I still broke the rules from time to time. 
The desk chair was flown from a warehouse in China, loaded into a shipping van, and carted all the way across the country just so that it could be delivered to my doorstep.
A pair of Apple AirPods was frozen solid into the block of ice, and if I wanted them then I would simply need to wait for the ice to melt.
The bad news was given to Lady Gaga by her mother, who told her while grimacing and burping uncomfortably.
Our giant flatscreen TV was actually grown from a TV seed in my backyard.
A Horcrux was hidden somewhere in her grandmother's house, but Hermione was too tired and hungover to try and search for it.
When Frances went downstairs, a note was written by her father letting her know that he had gone to the store to buy eggs and milk.
My French teacher was last seen trying to organize a secret teacher's union in the break room; however, no one has heard from her since.
The poem was chosen for publication because the editors had never read a poem written entirely in emojis before.
As soon as the words were spoken aloud, Michelle knew that the dynamic was completely ruined between her and her divorce lawyer.
The pin was worn by everyone who opposed the Supreme Court decision as a sign of solidarity.
His texts were all written in complete gibberish, so they were difficult to understand.
A plan was drawn up by the University's board of directors for re-opening without consulting an experts or asking the student body for input.
Normally, eggnog was only drunk by my family on special occasions, but we decided to open a carton of it since it was the hottest day of the year. 
The lettuce was torn apart by our fingers as we chopped vegetables and put together a dressing for the salad.
Eating basil in public was strictly forbidden by the Italian government up until 2011, when the International Basil Advocacy Group finally had their first major victory.
Normally, the public pool was swum in by all the neighborhood kids during the summer, but this year it is closed down.
Our friend Charles was bitten by our other friend Liam last summer, which explains why they don't like each other very much.
The playlist was chosen by Larisa, who pretty much only listens to Latvian folk music; therefore, none of us knew any of the words.
Dad was woken up in the middle of the night again by his kidney stone pains.
I was shaken by her sudden outburst, but it didn't change my decision to sign a year long lease on the haunted house.
The local Eggplant Enthusiast's club was run by two girls I'd seen walking around our neighborhood before.
The wedding shower was thrown by her family members, a few close friends, and every cashier she'd ever encountered at Walgreens.
The ballots were torn in half by the malicious board of elections member because he wanted to make sure that his favorite candidate would win.
Beluga whales were ridden by tourists up until the end of the second World War, when PETA stepped in and decided that the practice was morally wrong.
The meeting was run in an orderly fashion, except for when a gaggle of wild geese burst into the conference room and started honking wildly.
A secret message was sewn into the lining of the coat, so Jacob began tearing away the inner lining to try and see what it was.
Everyone was shaken by the sudden loss of our class pet Lizard, but we decided to move on as if nothing traumatic had happened.
The candles were blown out by the child, even though she was barely a year old and didn't quite understand what she was supposed to be doing.
In the early days of Trader Joe's, the bell at the front of the store was rung every time a customer decided to purchase a jar of tahini.
The egg whites were beaten into a creamy meringue while I checked on the lemon pie in the oven.
His reputation was known by nearly everyone in the music scene there, but he was still socially successful and managed to get a lot of dates.
She was thrown off by how candid he was being with her, but she knew not to take it to heart.
Sometimes it feels like years of our youth were stolen by the pandemic, but then we remember to look at the big picture and feel grateful for what we do have.
The employee was forgiven by his boss for gossiping loudly in the break room, but the coworkers he'd gossiped about were still deeply hurt and offended. 
My love of caramelized onions as a topping was given to me by my father, who is of Polish heritage.
The lawn was mown a couple of weeks ago, but it's gotten pretty unruly so we should probably tend to it again soon.
The zoo's largest leopard is known for its peculiar smell.
Some celebrities are taken for granted by their fans, but I guess that's just what they signed up for.
That teapot was broken by the wind, not by me!
All of the cannolis were eaten by the time I arrived at the gala.
My husband is woken up every morning to the sound of north-eastern bird calls, which he detests.
The secret magic gems are hidden throughout the video game, so you'll have to look around carefully in each level you encounter.
This magazine was written by Rachael Ray, so there is more cooking content in here than there is in other magazines.
All of the children were bitten by mosquitos during their day out in Washington Square Park.
The hat is worn by my brother every single day.
Tractors are driven by farmers.
Jackie was chosen as the Homecoming Queen this year, but she was dethroned by an angry peer.
These updates were done with approval from the boss.
Our bedroom curtain is drawn from 9 PM to 7 AM.
All of our past issues are forgotten when we're in public together, but they crop back up in private.
My son was forgiven by the priest, so he will not be going to hell.
The lakes near my house were frozen solid this weekend, so we had to ice fish and ice skate instead of fish and swim.
I think that this tomato was grown in their backyard, which is incredible because it seems like their yard doesn't really get any sunlight.
The members of the Bellview soccer team are beaten every single time their compete, but they still enjoy playing because they get Capri-Suns after each game.
My sister was bitten by a bear!
I guess all of the leaves were blown away during the hurricane last night.
Your secret is known by the whole school even though you tried to keep it from getting out.
Posters on school walls are taken down at the end of each Friday, so please collect any posters that you want to repost on Monday.
This portrait was done by the late Tina Fey.
All of her fingers were bitten off by the piranhas, but she always hated the way her fingers looked, so I think she's happy about this course of events.
I think my nose is broken.
Hamburgers are eaten by millions of Americans every year.
I was woken up in the middle of the night from a recurring nightmare about John Travolta.
The pipes were bent, but not broken, so we were able to fix the leaky sink.
So many presents are bought the day before Christmas.
My daughter is taught math by a werewolf, but we're okay with that because we're open-minded.
Her missing dog was found last night!
They were found in the woods because a kind ghost helped lead them back to an opening in the trees.
My hairstyle is seen by some as "unprofessional" or "confusing," but I personally like the half-mohawk, half-mullet style.
Both of our wives are held hostage by criminals right now, and the only way to get them to safety is to pay a two million dollar ransom.
That poet was said to be one of the best writers of the century.
All 17 of the official UN languages were spoken at the international headquarters.
This story is always told by Grandma.
Those novels are thought to be the most impressive of our generation.
My poster was torn by one of you, and we aren't leaving this room until I find out who did it.
These shoes were worn in the Australian outback.
As it is written, it shall be done.
I think all of her classes are done, so you can pick her up from school whenever you get a chance.
The relay race was won by the red team, so they're going to get a special shout-out at the final ceremony tonight.
I'm sorry to tell you this, but I think those shoes you wanted were bought by somebody else yesterday.
The door of the office was broken by the last person who left last night.
Those songs were sung by the artist last week.
This beautiful piece of artwork was done by Vincent Van Gogh himself.
Both of our books were seen by publishers!
Chocolate is eaten by people in every single country on the planet.
Most of our food is frozen in the freezer before we reheat it for meals.
