That song been considered one of the best songs of the year. 
My dad been called David.
This novel been read by many college-aged girls who related to its main character.
She been known for constantly posting strange statuses online. 
New Jersey, which has reported more than 155,000 cases of the virus, been hit hard by the pandemic and has at times surpassed New York in the number of deaths, hospitalizations and cases per 100,000 people.
The album been downloaded nearly 100,000 times when it first came out. 
The window boxes been constructed by the man as he was trying to adjust to his new suburban home.
The video been taken by a man who was walking alone in New York's Central Park. 
Of course, my WFH flexibility been shaped by the fact that I don’t have kids.
The entire box of Cheerios been devoured by us this morning.
The puppy been forgiven by my sister for biting us, but I was still angry at him. 
The bike been only ridden a few times, but its gears were already starting to make strange squeaking noises.
UFOs been seen by Americans on many occasions, but the CIA hadn't confirmed their existence until very recently.
At first, everyone thought that Sally had shouted the string of expletives in the middle of the crowded movie theater, but it turned out that the words been spoken by her brother.
The old ford explorer been driven by her mother, who decided to trade it in for a minivan when she became pregnant with her third child.
I worried that no one would like the chili I had made, but it been eaten by everybody.
The book been written in Portugese and not Spanish, which explains why you had so much trouble trying to read it.
It been forbidden by the government to have large gatherings in most states, but people are still doing it. 
Her hairstyle been done by her grandmother before the virtual prom that they were holding for her in her living room.
That shirt been often worn by fans of the band 100 gecs to signify that they listen to mostly electronic music. 
Anthony been driven up to Montreal by his dad to attend university there.
I been bitten by a dog recently, so I was too scared to even eat hot dogs and would jump whenever anyone said the word "dog."
Her dress been torn by one of the posts on the fence, which snagged it when she walked by.
You been beaten by your roommates in a foot race at least three times when you finally decided to give up your career as an Olympic athlete.
Denise been given the tortilla press by her eldest daughter, who shared her love of cooking.
The party been thrown by our upstairs neighbors, who none of us had ever met before.
All of his clothes been sewn by underpaid workers in foreign countries, but he didn't think about that as he strutted down the street in his brand new outfit.
The actor been flown from Los Angeles to France just for the premiere, but he needed to fly back as soon as he found out about the family emergency.
Joe's obsession with cleanliness been given to him by his grandmother, who vacuumed their house every day.
The river been swam in by locals every year on Memorial Day, but this year it was empty. 
Hawaiian been spoken in the Hawaiian Kingdom for hundreds of years, up until the language ban in the late 1800s.
When we lived in her house, window boxes been grown effortlessly by my mom, but my dad finds them a lot more difficult to tend to. 
The detective's cover been blown instantly by his careless partner, who accidentally used his real name while they were both supposed to be undercover.
I tried to stop it, but before I could, my aquarium been thrown across the room by my furious father.
Love been forbidden in their household for many years, until one day, Jeff met his soulmate.
The muffins been eaten by everyone except Holly because she is allergic to cinnamon. 
Michael been drawn by a portraitist before, but he was not expecting the caricature of himself to look so silly.
These sentences been written in passive voice by a member of Quill's Curriculum Team. 
The email been seen by everyone in the department, but no one was quite sure what it meant. 
Our family car been driven to nearly all of the 50 states in America, but obviously it is more difficult to reach Hawaii and Alaska.
A favorite color and an avatar been chosen by each of the players of the video game. 
If you been forgiven by your best friend for pushing her down a flight of stairs, do you think you would have learned anything from the experience?
Their lawn been done by a neighbor who legitimately enjoyed driving a riding lawnmower.
The broth been frozen months earlier, so all I had to do was take it out of the freezer and wait for it to defrost so that I could use it in the recipe.
His reputation been known by nearly everyone in the music scene there, but he was still socially successful and managed to get a lot of dates.
She been thrown off by how candid he was being with her, but she knew not to take it to heart.
Sometimes it feels like years of our youth been stolen by the pandemic, but then we remember to look at the big picture and feel grateful for what we do have.
The employee been forgiven by his boss for gossiping loudly in the break room, but the coworkers he'd gossiped about were still deeply hurt and offended. 
My love of caramelized onions as a topping been given to me by my father, who is of Polish heritage.
The lawn been mown a couple of weeks ago, but it's gotten pretty unruly so we should probably tend to it again soon.
The zoo's largest leopard been known for its peculiar smell.
Some celebrities been taken for granted by their fans, but I guess that's just what they signed up for.
That teapot been broken by the wind, not by me!
All of the cannolis been eaten by the time I arrived at the gala.
My husband been woken up every morning to the sound of north-eastern bird calls, which he detests.
The secret magic gems been hidden throughout the video game, so you'll have to look around carefully in each level you encounter.
This magazine been written by Rachael Ray, so there is more cooking content in here than there is in other magazines.
All of the children been bitten by mosquitos during their day out in Washington Square Park.
The hat been worn by my brother every single day.
Tractors been driven by farmers.
Jackie been chosen as the Homecoming Queen this year, but she was dethroned by an angry peer.
These updates been done with approval from the boss.
Our bedroom curtain been drawn from 9 PM to 7 AM.
All of our past issues been forgotten when we're in public together, but they crop back up in private.
My son been forgiven by the priest, so he will not be going to hell.
The lakes near my house been frozen solid this weekend, so we had to ice fish and ice skate instead of fish and swim.
I think that this tomato been grown in their backyard, which is incredible because it seems like their yard doesn't really get any sunlight.
The members of the Bellview soccer team been beaten every single time their compete, but they still enjoy playing because they get Capri-Suns after each game.
My sister been bitten by a bear!
I guess all of the leaves been blown away during the hurricane last night.
Your secret been known by the whole school even though you tried to keep it from getting out.
Posters on school walls been taken down at the end of each Friday, so please collect any posters that you want to repost on Monday.
This portrait been done by the late Tina Fey.
All of her fingers been bitten off by the piranhas, but she always hated the way her fingers looked, so I think she's happy about this course of events.
I think my nose been broken.
Hamburgers been eaten by millions of Americans every year.
I been woken up in the middle of the night from a recurring nightmare about John Travolta.
The pipes been bent, but not broken, so we were able to fix the leaky sink.
So many presents been bought the day before Christmas.
My daughter been taught math by a werewolf, but we're okay with that because we're open-minded.
Her missing dog been found last night!
They been lost in the woods, but a kind ghost helped lead them back to an opening in the trees.
My hairstyle been seen by some as "unprofessional" or "confusing," but I personally like the half-mohawk, half-mullet style.
Both of our wives been held hostage by criminals right now, and the only way to get them to safety is to pay a two million dollar ransom.
That poet been said to be one of the best writers of the century.
All 17 of the official UN languages been spoken at the international headquarters.
This story been always told by grandma.
Those novels been thought to be the most impressive of our generation.
My poster been torn by one of you, and we aren't leaving this room until I find out who did it.
These shoes been worn in the Australian outback.
As it been written, it shall be done.
I think all of her classes been done, so you can pick her up from school whenever you get a chance.
The relay race been won by the red team, so they're going to get a special shout-out at the final ceremony tonight.
I'm sorry to tell you this, but I think those shoes you wanted been bought by somebody else yesterday.
The door of the office been locked by the last person who leaves each day.
Those songs been completed by the producer last week.
This beautiful piece of artwork been painted by Vincent Van Gogh himself.
Both of our books been read by publishers!
Chocolate been eaten by people in every single country on the planet.
The bathroom stalls been cleaned once a week, so if you make a mess, please clean it up yourself.
