The hand sanitizer been given to me by my mother, who was worried about me. 
The shirts been worn by the members of the cheerleading team. 
She looked around for her glasses, but then remembered that they been stolen from her car a week earlier.
My dad been known to pull an all-nighter from time to time, but he rarely every missed a deadline. 
I wanted some homemade yogurt for breakfast, but it turned out that it been eaten already.
The vegetables been flown into the country from Peru, where they were in season. 
My grandma been seen in the hospital by nearly every member of our family except for me. 
We were told to take any allergy medications, as the nasal spray been taken by nearly everyone who later died of a mysterious illness later that year.
Blood will been drawn from my arm in order to test me for COVID-19 antibodies.
Many novels about coronavirus will been written after this is over.
The puppy been forgiven by my sister for biting us, but I was still angry at him. 
The bike only been ridden a few times, but its gears were already starting to make strange squeaking noises.
UFOs been seen by Americans on many occasions, but the CIA hadn't confirmed their existence until very recently.
At first, everyone thought that Sally had shouted the string of expletives in the middle of the crowded movie theater, but it turned out that the words been spoken by her brother.
The old ford explorer been driven by her mother, who decided to trade it in for a minivan when she became pregnant with her third child.
I worried that no one would like the chili that been made, but it was eaten by everybody.
The cookies been eaten by the children.
It been forbidden by the government to have large gatherings in most states, but people are still doing it. 
Her hairstyle been done by her grandmother before the virtual prom that they were holding for her in her living room.
The previously hidden cake been found by our dad.
We were planning on making an apple pie, but all of the apples in the grocery store been stolen.
The box seemed as though it been shaken by someone before being completely opened, because all of the glass figurines inside it were broken.
Blue eyeliner has worn by many girls in quarantine who are sick of staying indoors and want to try something new with their makeup.
The music festival been run by two sisters, but after they were fired for a massive money laundering scheme, an event planning agency took over.
Anthony been driven up to Montreal by his dad to attend university there.
I been bitten by a dog recently, so I was too scared to even eat hot dogs and would jump whenever anyone said the word "dog."
Her dress been torn by one of the posts on the fence, which snagged it when she walked by.
You been beaten by your roommates in a foot race at least three times when you finally decided to give up your career as an Olympic athlete.
Denise been given the tortilla press by her eldest daughter, who shared her love of cooking.
The party been thrown by our upstairs neighbors, who none of us had ever met before.
All of his clothes been sewn by underpaid workers in foreign countries, but he didn't think about that as he strutted down the street in his brand new outfit.
They been woken up by the sounds of their roommate loudly grinding coffee and loading the dishwasher in the kitchen.
I wanted to make a cocktail, but all of the liquor in Dad's cabinet been drunk by my little sister and her delinquent friends. 
The actor been flown from Los Angeles to France just for the premiere, but he needed to fly back as soon as he found out about the family emergency.
Joe's obsession with cleanliness been given to him by his grandmother, who vacuumed their house every day.
The river been swum in by locals every year on Memorial Day, but this year it was empty. 
Hawaiian been spoken in the Hawaiian Kingdom for hundreds of years, up until the language ban in the late 1800s.
When we lived in her house, window boxes been grown effortlessly by my mom, but my dad finds them a lot more difficult to tend to. 
The detective's cover been blown instantly by his careless partner, who accidentally used his real name while they were both supposed to be undercover.
I tried to stop it, but before I could, my aquarium been thrown across the room by my furious father.
Love been forbidden in their household for many years, until one day, Jeff met his soulmate.
The muffins been eaten by everyone except Holly because she is allergic to cinnamon. 
Michael been drawn by a portraitist before, but he was not expecting the caricature of himself to look so silly.
These sentences been written in passive voice by a member of Quill's Curriculum Team. 
The email been seen by everyone in the department, but no one was quite sure what it meant. 
Our family car been driven to nearly all of the 50 states in America, but obviously it is more difficult to reach Hawaii and Alaska.
A favorite color and an avatar been chosen by each of the players of the video game. 
If you been forgiven by your best friend for pushing her down a flight of stairs, do you think you would have learned anything from the experience?
Their lawn been done by a neighbor who legitimately enjoyed driving a riding lawnmower.
The broth been frozen months earlier, so all I had to do was take it out of the freezer and wait for it to defrost so that I could use it in the recipe.
All of the members of the basketball team been beaten before, but that doesn't stop them from trying their hardest at every game.
Even though Chloe been bitten by a dog when she was a child, she was able to get rid of her fear through intensive therapy sessions.
The entire house been blown away by the storm.
I think our car been broken into!
Harry Potter been chosen as a participant in the Triwizard Tournament, one of the most dangerous competitions in the whole wizarding world.
Mom said that if my homework been done already, I could've gone to the party.
Although this cartoon character been drawn before, I still enjoy drawing it.
I been driven to Georgia by my mom before, but I've never driven there myself.
The last piece of key-lime pie been eaten by Geoff before anybody else could ask for it.
Our puppy been flown out of the country because he wasn't born in America, and Trump's new law forbids foreign-born pets from living in the US.
I promise that your secret been forgotten already.
Even though you been forgiven by Jesus Christ, our lord and savior, you are still not guaranteed a spot in heaven because the waiting list is so long.
These popsicles been frozen for over a year before they finally melted.
Terrance been given your piece of cake because you behaved so poorly at your birthday party earlier.
This plant been grown in our living room for over a month, but I think it's time to move it to the backyard.
The Easter eggs been hidden in the yard for more than a week, but nobody has seen them yet.
Because that horse been ridden while its horseshoes were too tight, it needs surgery now.
Your Youtube video been seen by over 1 million people!
Your video been taken down because of copyright issues.
All of my homework been torn up by my pet ferret, Bucko.
I thought that my artwork been thrown away by the janitor, but I was wrong.
I think that our kids been woken up too early, and now we have to get up early too.
That magnificent costume been worn by more than 10 emperors.
Over 13 different versions of the opening song been written, but we don't like any of them.
I thought I been beaten by the sumo wrestler, but I pulled together my last bit of strength for a final winning punch.
He been bitten by a rattlesnake 10 times.
This whole situation been blown way out of proportion.
My ex-girlfriend and I been broken up for more than 3 years, but she called me last night out of the blue.
Primrose been chosen as the tribute for the Hunger Games, but Katniss volunteered to take her place.
It been done, the crook said.
Isaac been drawn in that contemporary style before, but he always likes to see other artists' take on it.
Yeah, I been driven across state lines by an Uber driver before.
The burger been eaten by his younger brother before he had a chance to call dibs.
Our manager been flown out to Seoul, South Korea to network with BTS, the top Kpop group in the world.
Her name been forgotten, but her story will last for all of eternity.
You been forgiven, but don't do it again.
The ham been frozen for over a decade, so I wasn't sure if it would be edible.
My mother been given a second chance at the PTO leader after her blunder at the bake sale last week.
This flower been grown in the most ideal of conditions, so it should be perfect for your wedding proposal
Those kids playing hide-and-seek been hidden for over 2 hours, but the seekers haven't found them yet.
I thought that this pony been ridden before, but I was wrong.
Her feature film been seen by numerous directors and critics, so she's received multiple offers for a future film contract.
My pet snail, Billy Bob Joe, been taken from me by the authorities!
Those celebrities been torn apart by the critics and paparazzi.
The ball been thrown before the batter could even get to the base.
Her twins been woken up by a loud garbage truck.
I think that this dress been worn on the runway before, but I doubt anybody will remember that.
The book been written over the course of two months.
All of the cat food been eaten by Dotty before Stripey even realized that it was time for food.
The baby been given a name: MacKayleighn.
