The book was forgotten less than a year after it had come out. 
I was going to sit on the couch and watch a movie, but I was beaten by my sister who had arrived there first. 
The illness was likely given to her by someone in the grocery store, though they can never be entirely sure. 
Halsey was forgiven easily by her fans for breaking her ankle while loading the dishwasher.
The bananas were flown in from Peru, but she had grown the strawberries herself in the garden out back.
We would offer to give you a ride to the party, but her car was stolen just last week. 
The little dog was woke up by the loud, sudden clap of thunder.
The herbs were grown in little container gardens outdoors, but they also do well inside the house.
The Pope was forbidden from visiting Philadelphia because he had offended the mayor, but he decided to do it anyway.
You were last seen wearing a beautiful red dress, and everyone talked about how good it looked on you. 
The incident was forgotten about long before they ever even had the chance to discuss it.
Our lunch was eaten in silence as we tried to avoid the uncomfortable topic at hand. 
The Toyota Corolla was driven for hundreds of thousands for miles until my mom hit a deer and wrecked the vehicle. 
At that time, wearing shoes inside the house was forbidden, but my friends and I still broke the rules from time to time. 
The desk chair was flown from a warehouse in China, loaded into a shipping van, and carted all the way across the country just so that it could be delivered to my doorstep.
A pair of Apple AirPods was frozen solid into the block of ice, and if I wanted them then I would simply need to wait for the ice to melt.
The bad news was given to Lady Gaga by her mother, who told her while grimacing and burping uncomfortably.
Our giant flatscreen TV was actually grown from a TV seed in my backyard.
A Horcrux was hidden somewhere in her grandmother's house, but Hermione was too tired and hungover to try and search for it.
When Frances went downstairs, a note was written by her father letting her know that he had gone to the store to buy eggs and milk.
My French teacher was last seen trying to organize a secret teacher's union in the break room; however, no one has heard from her since.
The poem was chosen for publication because the editors had never read a poem written entirely in emojis before.
As soon as the words were spoken aloud, Michelle knew that the dynamic was completely ruined between her and her divorce lawyer.
The pin was worn by everyone who opposed the Supreme Court decision as a sign of solidarity.
His texts were all written in complete gibberish, so they were difficult to understand.
A plan was drawn up by the University's board of directors for re-opening without consulting an experts or asking the student body for input.
Normally, eggnog was only drunk by my family on special occasions, but we decided to open a carton of it since it was the hottest day of the year. 
The lettuce was torn apart by our fingers as we chopped vegetables and put together a dressing for the salad.
Eating basil in public was strictly forbidden by the Italian government up until 2011, when the International Basil Advocacy Group finally had their first major victory.
Normally, the public pool was swum in by all the neighborhood kids during the summer, but this year it is closed down.
Our friend Charles was bitten by our other friend Liam last summer, which explains why they don't like each other very much.
The playlist was chosen by Larisa, who pretty much only listens to Latvian folk music; therefore, none of us knew any of the words.
Dad was woken up in the middle of the night again by his kidney stone pains.
I was shaken by her sudden outburst, but it didn't change my decision to sign a year long lease on the haunted house.
The local Eggplant Enthusiast's club was run by two girls I'd seen walking around our neighborhood before.
The wedding shower was thrown by her family members, a few close friends, and every cashier she'd ever encountered at Walgreens.
The ballots were torn in half by the malicious board of elections member because he wanted to make sure that his favorite candidate would win.
Beluga whales were ridden by tourists up until the end of the second World War, when PETA stepped in and decided that the practice was morally wrong.
The meeting was run in an orderly fashion, except for when a gaggle of wild geese burst into the conference room and started honking wildly.
A secret message was sewn into the lining of the coat, so Jacob began tearing away the inner lining to try and see what it was.
Everyone was shaken by the sudden loss of our class pet lizard, but we decided to move on as if nothing traumatic had happened.
The candles were blown out by the child, even though she was barely a year old and didn't quite understand what she was supposed to be doing.
In the early days of Trader Joe's, the bell at the front of the store was rung every time a customer decided to purchase a jar of tahini.
The egg whites were beaten into a creamy meringue while I checked on the lemon pie in the oven.
His reputation was known by nearly everyone in the music scene there, but he was still socially successful and managed to get a lot of dates.
She was thrown off by how candid he was being with her, but she knew not to take it to heart.
Sometimes it feels like years of our youth were stolen by the pandemic, but then we remember to look at the big picture and feel grateful for what we do have.
The employee was forgiven by his boss for gossiping loudly in the break room, but the coworkers he'd gossiped about were still deeply hurt and offended. 
My love of caramelized onions as a topping was given to me by my father, who is of Polish heritage.
The lawn was mown a couple of weeks ago, but it's gotten pretty unruly so we should probably tend to it again soon.
All of the members of the basketball team were beaten before, but that didn't stop them from trying their hardest at every game.
Even though Chloe was bitten by a dog when she was a child, she was able to get rid of her fear through intensive therapy sessions.
The entire house was blown away by the storm.
I think our car was broken into!
Harry Potter was chosen as a participant in the Triwizard Tournament, one of the most dangerous competitions in the whole wizarding world.
Mom said that if my homework is done already, I can go to the party.
This cartoon character was drawn before, but I still enjoy drawing it.
I was driven to Georgia by my mom last week, but I've never driven there myself.
The last piece of key-lime pie was eaten by Geoff before anybody else could ask for it.
Our puppy was flown out of the country because he wasn't born in America, and Trump's new law forbids foreign-born pets from living in the US.
I promise that your secret was forgotten already.
Even though you were forgiven by Jesus Christ, our lord and savior, you are still not guaranteed a spot in heaven because the waiting list is so long.
These popsicles were frozen for over a year, but they finally melted.
Terrance was given your piece of cake because you behaved so poorly at your birthday party earlier.
This plant was grown in our living room.
The Easter eggs were hidden in the yard last week, but nobody has seen them yet.
Because that horse was ridden while its horseshoes were too tight, it needs surgery now.
Your Youtube video was seen by over 1 million people!
Your video was taken down because of copyright issues.
That vase was broken by my pet ferret, Bucko.
My artwork was thrown away by the janitor.
I think that our kids were woken up too early, and now we have to get up early too.
That magnificent costume was worn by more than 10 emperors.
Over 13 different versions of the opening song were written, but we don't like any of them.
I was beaten by the sumo wrestler.
He was bitten by a rattlesnake 10 times.
This whole situation was blown way out of proportion.
I was broken up with by my girlfriend last night.
Primrose was chosen as the tribute for the Hunger Games, but Katniss volunteered to take her place.
It was done, the crook said.
The apples were drawn in that contemporary style by a different artist, but he wanted to see if he could replicate the drawing.
Yeah, I was driven across state lines by an Uber driver last week.
The burger was eaten by his younger brother before he had a chance to call dibs.
Our manager was flown out to Seoul, South Korea to network with BTS, the top Kpop group in the world.
Her name was forgotten by the world, but her story will last for all of eternity.
You were forgiven by your parents, but don't do it again.
The ham was frozen for over a decade, so I wasn't sure if it would be edible.
My mother was given a second chance at the PTO leader after her blunder at the bake sale last week.
This flower was grown in the most ideal of conditions, so it should be perfect for your wedding proposal
Those kids playing hide-and-seek were hidden in pretty obvious places, but the seekers still couldn't find them.
I thought that this pony was ridden by somebody before, but I was wrong.
Her feature film was seen by numerous directors and critics.
My pet snail, Billy Bob Joe, was taken from me by the authorities!
Those celebrities were torn apart by the critics and paparazzi.
The ball was thrown before the batter could even get to the base.
Her twins were woken up by a loud garbage truck.
I think that this dress was worn on the runway last month, but I doubt anybody will remember that.
The book was written over the course of two months.
All of the cat food was eaten by Dotty in twenty seconds flat.
The baby was given a name: MacKayleighn.
