The hand sanitizer had been gived to me by my mother, who was worried about me. 
The shirts had been weared by the members of the cheerleading team. 
She looked around for her glasses, but then remembered that they had been stealed from her car a week earlier.
My dad had been knew to pull an all-nighter from time to time, but he rarely every missed a deadline. 
I wanted some homemade yogurt for breakfast, but it turned out that it had been ate already.
The vegetables had been flew into the country from Peru, where they were in season. 
My grandma had been saw in the hospital by nearly every member of our family except for me. 
We were told to take any allergy medications, as the nasal spray had been took by nearly everyone who later died of a mysterious illness later that year.
Blood will have been drew from my arm in order to test me for COVID-19 antibodies.
Many novels about coronavirus will have been wrote after this is over.
The puppy had been forgave by my sister for biting us, but I was still angry at him. 
The bike had only been rode a few times, but its gears were already starting to make strange squeaking noises.
UFOs have been saw by Americans on many occasions, but the CIA hadn't confirmed their existence until very recently.
At first, everyone thought that Sally had shouted the string of expletives in the middle of the crowded movie theater, but it turned out that the words had been spoke by her brother.
The old ford explorer was drove by her mother, who decided to trade it in for a minivan when she became pregnant with her third child.
I worried that no one would like the chili I had made, but it was ate by everybody.
The book is wrote in Portugese and not Spanish, which explains why you had so much trouble trying to read it.
It is forbade by the government to have large gatherings in most states, but people are still doing it. 
Her hairstyle was did by her grandmother before the virtual prom that they were holding for her in her living room.
That shirt is often wore by fans of the band 100 gecs to signify that they listen to mostly electronic music. 
We were planning on making an apple pie, but all of the apples in the grocery store had been stole.
The box seemed as though it had been shook by someone before being completely opened, because all of the glass figurines inside it were broken.
Blue eyeliner has been wore by many girls in quarantine who are sick of staying indoors and want to try something new with their makeup.
The music festival had been ran by two sisters, but after they were fired for a massive money laundering scheme, an event planning agency took over.
Anthony had been drove up to Montreal by his dad to attend university there.
I had been bited by a dog recently, so I was too scared to even eat hot dogs and would jump whenever anyone said the word "dog."
Her dress had been tored by one of the posts on the fence, which snagged it when she walked by.
You had been beated by your roommates in a foot race at least three times when you finally decided to give up your career as an Olympic athlete.
Denise had been gived the tortilla press by her eldest daughter, who shared her love of cooking.
The party had been throwed by our upstairs neighbors, who none of us had ever met before.
All of his clothes had been sewed by underpaid workers in foreign countries, but he didn't think about that as he strutted down the street in his brand new outfit.
They had been woked up by the sounds of their roommate loudly grinding coffee and loading the dishwasher in the kitchen.
I wanted to make a cocktail, but all of the liquor in Dad's cabinet had been drinked by my little sister and her delinquent friends. 
The actor had been flied from Los Angeles to France just for the premiere, but he needed to fly back as soon as he found out about the family emergency.
Joe's obsession with cleanliness had been gived to him by his grandmother, who vacuumed their house every day.
The river had been swimmed in by locals every year on Memorial Day, but this year it was empty. 
Hawaiian had been spoked in the Hawaiian Kingdom for hundreds of years, up until the language ban in the late 1800s.
When we lived in her house, window boxes had been growed effortlessly by my mom, but my dad finds them a lot more difficult to tend to. 
The detective's cover had been blew instantly by his careless partner, who accidentally used his real name while they were both supposed to be undercover.
I tried to stop it, but before I could, my aquarium had been threw across the room by my furious father.
Love had been forbidded in their household for many years, until one day, Jeff met his soulmate.
The muffins have been eated by everyone except Holly because she is allergic to cinnamon. 
Michael had been drawed by a portraitist before, but he was not expecting the caricature of himself to look so silly.
These sentences have been wrote in passive voice by a member of Quill's Curriculum Team. 
The email had been sawed by everyone in the department, but no one was quite sure what it meant. 
Our family car has been drived to nearly all of the 50 states in America, but obviously it is more difficult to reach Hawaii and Alaska.
A favorite color and an avatar had been choosed by each of the players of the video game. 
If you had been forgived by your best friend for pushing her down a flight of stairs, do you think you would have learned anything from the experience?
Their lawn had been did by a neighbor who legitimately enjoyed driving a riding lawnmower.
The broth had been frozed months earlier, so all I had to do was take it out of the freezer and wait for it to defrost so that I could use it in the recipe.
All of the members of the basketball team have been beated before, but that doesn't stop them from trying their hardest at every game.
Even though Chloe had been bited by a dog when she was a child, she was able to get rid of her fear through intensive therapy sessions.
The entire house has been blowed away by the storm.
I think our car has been breaked into!
Harry Potter has been choosed as a participant in the Triwizard Tournament, one of the most dangerous competitions in the whole wizarding world.
Mom said that if my homework had been doed already, I could've gone to the party.
Although this cartoon character has been drawed before, I still enjoy drawing it.
I have been drived to Georgia by my mom before, but I've never driven there myself.
The last piece of key-lime pie had been eated by Geoff before anybody else could ask for it.
Our puppy has been flied out of the country because he wasn't born in America, and Trump's new law forbids foreign-born pets from living in the US.
I promise that your secret has been forgetted already.
Even though you have been forgived by Jesus Christ, our lord and savior, you are still not guaranteed a spot in heaven because the waiting list is so long.
These popsicles had been freezed for over a year before they finally melted.
Terrance has been gived your piece of cake because you behaved so poorly at your birthday party earlier.
This plant has been growed in our living room for over a month, but I think it's time to move it to the backyard.
The Easter eggs have been hided in the yard for more than a week, but nobody has seen them yet.
Because that horse had been rided while its horseshoes were too tight, it needs surgery now.
Your Youtube video has been seed by over 1 million people!
Your video has been taked down because of copyright issues.
All of my homework has been teared up by my pet ferret, Bucko.
I thought that my artwork had been throwed away by the janitor, but I was wrong.
I think that our kids have been waked up too early, and now we have to get up early too.
That magnificent costume has been weared by more than 10 emperors.
Over 13 different versions of the opening song have been writed, but we don't like any of them.
I thought I had been beated by the sumo wrestler, but I pulled together my last bit of strength for a final winning punch.
He has been bit by a rattlesnake 10 times.
This whole situation has been blew way out of proportion.
My ex-girlfriend and I have been broke up for more than 3 years, but she called me last night out of the blue.
Primrose had been chose as the tribute for the Hunger Games, but Katniss volunteered to take her place.
It has been did, the crook said.
Isaac has been drew in that contemporary style before, but he always likes to see other artists' take on it.
Yeah, I have been drove across state lines by an Uber driver before.
The burger had been ate by his younger brother before he had a chance to call dibs.
Our manager has been flew out to Seoul, South Korea to network with BTS, the top Kpop group in the world.
Her name has been forgot, but her story will last for all of eternity.
You have been forgave, but don't do it again.
The ham had been froze for over a decade, so I wasn't sure if it would be edible.
My mother has been gave a second chance at the PTO leader after her blunder at the bake sale last week.
This flower has been grew in the most ideal of conditions, so it should be perfect for your wedding proposal
Those kids playing hide-and-seek have been hid for over 2 hours, but the seekers haven't found them yet.
I thought that this pony had been rode before, but I was wrong.
Her feature film has been saw by numerous directors and critics, so she's received multiple offers for a future film contract.
My pet snail, Billy Bob Joe, has been took from me by the authorities!
Those celebrities have been tore apart by the critics and paparazzi.
The ball had been threw before the batter could even get to the base.
Her twins have been woke up by a loud garbage truck.
I think that this dress has been wore on the runway before, but I doubt anybody will remember that.
The book has been wrote over the course of two months.
All of the cat food had been ate by Dotty before Stripey even realized that it was time for food.
The baby has been gave a name: MacKayleighn.
