We had ate three hard boiled eggs each before she arrived.
He had drove for 30 hours straight to meet the girl that he had been talking to online for the past year, but it turned out that she did not actually exist.
I had fell down onto the subway tracks earlier that year because I was on my phone and wasn't paying close attention.
Before the quarantine began, Harry had flew around the world regularly and even owned his own private jet.
I was planning on making tofu scramble that morning, but my tofu had froze because I'd placed it in a particularly cold corner of the fridge.
Frances had gave her little sister 25 cents to get a gumball from the gumball machine, but instead her sister pocketed the 25 cents to use on a different day.
All of our hair has grew much longer in quarantine because we are unable to visit a hairdresser.
My dog had hid the body of the dead bluejay somewhere in the backyard, but we eventually found it and gave the bird a proper burial.
By the time the virus deaths reached their peak in early to mid April, many New York City residents had went somewhere else.
Although they had saw many groups of people gathering earlier that afternoon, they had faith that the number of cases would not rise in the coming weeks.
Nearly all of my friends had chose to quarantine with their close friends or life partners, whereas I decided to quarantine with a large brown bear that I'd met in the woods.
Chelsea had grew tired of only eating cherries and blueberries every day, but she was too set in her ways to consider purchasing and eating something else.
He had gave her the necklace so that she would have something to remember him by, but after they had been apart for a week she accidentally flushed it down the toilet.
As it turns out, my professor had spoke to my parents and told them about the outburst I'd had that ended up derailing the entire physics lecture.
Stephanie would've been more worried about her revealing outfit, but luckily she had wore a pair of bike shorts underneath the short skirt.
I have wrote over 60 scientific reports detailing evidence that most sea otters have supernatural powers, but none of my colleagues want to read them.
Looking at Sarah's tiny bedroom compared to her roommates' cavernous ones, it was clear that she had drew the short end of the stick.
Together the soccer team had drank gallons and gallons of water, but they were still dehydrated and exhausted following their big game.
Some suspicions had arose around Tod after he refused to eat anything with garlic in it; in fact, some of his coworkers worried that he might be a vampire.
Britney Spears' uncle had forbade her from leaving her apartment without her permission, but it didn't stop her from trying to escape without him knowing.
We had swam in that lake together when we were kids countless times, but now the authorities are saying that it is infested with leeches and bacteria.
Oscar the dog had never bit a human before, but something about the neighbor girl drove him to violence.
Natalie had never did the dishes by herself when she suddenly found herself all along in the three bedroom apartment.
I had woke up in a cold sweat every night that week.
It wasn't until the following month that my aunt had began to consider leaving her Brooklyn apartment so that she could stay with our family in upstate New York.
Arielle had rose to the challenges of adult life more easily than her little brother.
You had went to the library earlier in the day.
We had saw plenty of squirrels before, but all of us agreed that the squirrels in Wisconsin are some of the ugliest animals we had ever seen.
Jamie was nervous to return the precious book to her boss because she had tore one of the pages accidentally.
The girl scout troupe had all rode their bikes into town to watch the parade.
My friend had already saw the movie, but she came with me to see it anyway.
I had spoke with my advisor earlier about potentially switching majors, but we decided that instead I should drop out of school.
The quarantine has drove them into strange habits, like going fishing in the middle of the night.
At first you had ran away from your problems, but then you decided to try and face your cold brew addiction head-on.
It was possible that David had gave his mother the infection, but it was impossible to tell for sure.
For the first 5 years of my life, my grandmother had sewed all of my halloween costumes.
Ben has stole most of the nice kitchen items and appliances in his apartment from Bed Bath and Beyond.
We had shook the mixture in a cocktail shaker before pouring it, but it didn't taste like it was very evenly mixed.
He had just blew a giant bubble with his gum when it popped and got all over his hair.
I thought my sourdough starter was active enough to bake with since it had rose easily yesterday, but today it is not rising as much as I wish it would.
The kitten has bit us before, but she has been much more calm as she's gotten older.
The phone had already rang over 20 different times before it finally went to voicemail.
My grandma has beat me in scrabble over 100 times, but tonight I am determined to be victorious.
Izzy had knew it would be difficult to move back in with her parents, but she hadn't anticipated that her mom would accuse her of stealing her toothpaste.
Doja Cat had threw the banana peel towards the trash can hoping it would land inside, but instead it landed on the sidewalk nearby.
Some might say that COVID-19 has stole their normal college experience, but others believe that they will eventually be able to make up for the on-campus time that they have lost.
I have was looking everywhere for my favorite pair of socks, but I think they are in the washing machine.
We had did everything we could to avoid running over the squirrel, but it ended up being too late.
The council members have swam in that river several times before, but they have never done it while wearing a full set of business attire.
My teacher has never forgave me for filling her shoes with worms that one time.
I had broke the window just before my mother walked into the room.
If we had took our pet dog to the veterinarian last week, we could've prevented this from happening.
Bluebell had ate the very last piece of cat food already when Buttercup walked over, dismayed at the lack of cat food.
Just as I had bit into the hotdog, I realized that I completely forgot to put any ketchup, mustard, or relish on it.
Lucille had chose me last for her kickball team, but I ended up being the MVP of our team, so I proved her wrong.
Her family had drove for five hours before they finally stopped for a bathroom break.
Little Billy had fell out of the swing before his dad could catch him, so his dad had to put a bandaid on his bloody knee.
She had forgot everything she'd studied by the time she had to take the test.
The popsicles had froze to the side of the freezer by the time I remembered they were there 6 months later.
Patricia had hid the last piece of chocolate cake underneath her bed, but when she took it out to eat it, it was really dusty.
I'm not sure why, but my letter to grandpa has took over three months to arrive.
I will have rode a horse after camp this summer.
We think that the baby has woke up already, but we aren't sure because we can't hear any crying through the baby monitor.
Over the course of my life, I have ran in upwards of 75 marathons in 60 different countries, but I've never actually made it to the finish line without passing out.
I have came down with chicken pox, so please don't come too close or you'll get sick too.
She has drove the RV for more than 18 hours, so I think she might need a break soon.
Yes, Patty has rode a donkey before.
Ellie has forgot to bring her lunchbox to school every single day for the past week, so we started glueing it to her back every morning.
This year, you will have chose the winner of the pageant every year for five years in a row.
You have wrote 17 manuscripts, but you've never published anything.
My mom thought she had hid the Easter eggs in the front yard only, but Katie just found one in the back yard.
By the end of this school year, Irene will have took at least 8 AP exams.
Helga had ran for an hour before she started cramping up.
The driveway has froze over, so be really careful when you leave for work tomorrow morning.
Eloise thought that she had forgot all of the information for the final exam, but when she took the test, she realized that she actually remembered everything.
Ever since I read that book on nutrition, I have ate 12 Snickers bars covered in lettuce every day.
Jeffrey thought he had gotten a present for every single one of his family members, but on Christmas morning, he realized that he had forgot a present for his little brother.
I will have took 16 courses on marine biology by the end of this year.
After today, the artist will have drew more than a hundred different pictures on the sides of to-go coffee cups.
If I had wrote this book, I would have written the ending much differently.
If Lucile had actually saw her long-lost puppy during the beach vacation, I think that she would have brought him back with her.
If Bethany had ate your toast, I think she would have confessed to it when you confronted the room.
If he had did just one more push-up within the allotted time period, he would've beaten the world record for the most push-ups done in a minute.
By this time last summer, my favorite author had wrote a fantasy novel, a short story about beavers, a poetry book, and a personal memoir.
Kelly had just began ironing clothes when the fire alarm went off in her house, but she didn't know if her iron had triggered the alarm or not.
If I fall down stairs on my trip to Singapore this fall, I will have fell down a flight of stairs in every single continent.
After today, both of us will have became ordained ministers as well as verified Airbnb hosts, so I'm very excited.
Jeffrey thought he had got a present for every single one of his family members, but on Christmas morning, he realized that he had forgotten a present for his little brother.
The cat had broke the lamp long before I came into the room!
My sister and I have grew more than two feet this year.
After today, my dog will have bit me more than 10 times, but I still love him with all of my heart.
If you had wore the purple dress with the lacy frills at the bottom, you would've clashed with your date's suit.
Even though he doesn't really like to travel, Timothy has flew to more than 120 countries throughout his lifetime.
If he sees Paranormal 8 this weekend, he will have saw every single movie that's come out in theaters since 1982.
I thought he had broke up with her before Christmas break.
Since I arrived at this conference for spork fanatics, I think that I have spoke to more than ten thousand people, most of whom are silverware collectors.
Her little sister has already blew out the birthday candles, so you can go ahead and grab a piece of cake and a bowl of ice cream.
I thought I had showed you this before, but no worries- I can just show you now.
Jacqueline had ate every single piece of chocolate in her Easter basket before her mother could stop her.
You have flew to so many different places!
