I lived in Pennsylvania with my parents for the past two months now. 
We known that it is easier to make homemade falafel with dried chickpeas as opposed to canned ones.
We taken the train all the way to Washington Heights when we realized that his apartment was actually in Brooklyn.
I will worked here for a year this coming September.
She known for a while now that her pet hamster can speak Spanish.
You already chopped up the vegetables and prepared the quinoa by the time I told you I was craving a giant pork roast for dinner.
Even though he hoped that everything would be fine, he already prepared for the worst by the time she arrived at his apartment and broke up with him.
If you keep procrastinating, I will finished my term paper by the time you are only beginning yours.
The artist already released 4 albums by the time she decided to switch to a career as a pastry chef.
John already separated the egg whites from the yolks before we added the flour into the mixture.
By the time they announced that the pandemic was affecting New York, I already read about it in the news.
She will participated in four different triathlons by the time she turns 30.
After several weeks of lockdown, the family grown sick of cooking for themselves three times a day, every day.
They never tried baking bread with gluten-free flour before. 
He already made the mixture of water and flour once before, but it never managed to develop into the thriving sourdough starter that he had wanted.
Aria gone to one of the artist's concerts before, but this was our first time attending a show together in New York.
Even after the pandemic ends and they finally get to celebrate their achievements in person, class of 2020 graduates all over the world will been through one of the strangest world events in the past century. 
James known that Paris would be fun to visit, but he hadn't expected to fall into the Seine and nearly drown.
You will lived through two major economic events before the 2020s are over.
She wanted to know if you ever eaten horse meat.
Everyone seems to forgotten all about Vine, but it was one of the biggest video streaming social media platforms before Tik Tok even existed.
After I arrived at home, I found that dad eaten some roasted vegetables that he made himself for dinner.
I will read over 30 books by the time I'm finished with college.
The police officer never considered that he should let her go with just a warning until he discovered that she was actually his second cousin.
I will baked over forty loaves of bread by the time the stay at home order is lifted. 
The doctors already tried everything before they decided that the best course of treatment was for me to eat sour gummy worms three times a day until I felt better.
By the time his grandfather passed away, Mark visited his family in Nepal three times before.
If the DJ puts on Levels by Avicii one more time, then the song will played over 5 times in just the last hour.
By the time I returned to my apartment after buying a bacon egg and cheese from the bodega, he already left for work. 
By the time we arrive at the lecture hall, class will already started.
He will visited over 20 different gardening supply stores by the time he finds what he is looking for. 
Phoebe Bridgers already washed her hands when the CDC called to inform her that hand-washing is now deadly and should be avoided at all costs.
We eaten three hard boiled eggs each before she arrived.
He driven for 30 hours straight to meet the girl that he had been talking to online for the past year, but it turned out that she did not actually exist.
I fallen down onto the subway tracks earlier that year because I was on my phone and wasn't paying close attention.
Before the quarantine began, Harry flown around the world regularly and even owned his own private jet.
I was planning on making tofu scramble that morning, but my tofu frozen because I'd placed it in a particularly cold corner of the fridge.
Frances given her little sister 25 cents to get a gumball from the gumball machine, but instead her sister pocketed the 25 cents to use on a different day.
All of our hair grown much longer in quarantine because we are unable to visit a hairdresser.
My dog hidden the body of the dead bluejay somewhere in the backyard, but we eventually found it and gave the bird a proper burial.
By the time the virus deaths reached their peak in early to mid April, many New York City residents gone somewhere else.
Although they seen many groups of people gathering earlier that afternoon, they had faith that the number of cases would not rise in the coming weeks.
Nearly all of my friends chosen to quarantine with their close friends or life partners, whereas I decided to quarantine with a large brown bear that I'd met in the woods.
Chelsea grown tired of only eating cherries and blueberries every day, but she was too set in her ways to consider purchasing and eating something else.
He given her the necklace so that she would have something to remember him by, but after they had been apart for a week she accidentally flushed it down the toilet.
As it turns out, my professor spoken to my parents and told them about the outburst I'd had that ended up derailing the entire physics lecture.
Stephanie would've been more worried about her revealing outfit, but luckily she worn a pair of bike shorts underneath the short skirt.
I written over 60 scientific reports detailing evidence that most sea otters have supernatural powers, but none of my colleagues want to read them.
Looking at Sarah's tiny bedroom compared to her roommates' cavernous ones, it was clear that she drawn the short end of the stick.
Together the soccer team drunk gallons and gallons of water, but they were still dehydrated and exhausted following their big game.
I'm not sure why, but my letter to grandpa taken over three months to arrive.
I will ridden a horse after camp this summer.
If he been 20 years younger when he visited Niagara Falls, he could've rafted down the waterfall.
Helga run for an hour before she started cramping up.
Ellie forgotten to bring her lunchbox to school every single day for the past week, so we started glueing it to her back every morning.
I will taken 16 courses on marine biology by the end of this year.
Ever since I read that book on nutrition, I eaten 12 Snickers bars covered in lettuce every single day.
The cat broken the lamp long before I came into the room!
Even though he doesn't really like to travel, Timothy flown to more than 120 countries throughout his lifetime.
By this time last summer, my favorite author written a fantasy novel, a short story about beavers, a poetry book, and a personal memoir.
If she been just a little bit slower, I could have beaten her in the marathon.
Kelly just begun ironing clothes when the fire alarm went off in her house, but she didn't know if her iron had triggered the alarm or not.
After today, my dog will bitten me more than 10 times, but I still love him with all of my heart.
Her little sister already blown out the birthday candles, so you can go ahead and grab a piece of cake and a bowl of ice cream.
I thought he broken up with her before Christmas break.
This year, you will chosen the winner of the pageant every year for five years in a row.
I come down with chicken pox, so please don't come too close or you'll get sick too.
If he done just one more push-up within the allotted time period, he would've beaten the world record for the most push-ups done in a minute.
After today, the artist will drawn more than a hundred different pictures on the sides of to-go coffee cups.
She driven the RV for more than 18 hours, so I think she might need a break soon.
Jacqueline eaten every single piece of chocolate in her Easter basket before her mother could stop her.
If I fall down stairs on my trip to Singapore this fall, I will fallen down a flight of stairs in every single continent.
You flown to so many different places!
Eloise thought that she forgotten all of the information for the final exam, but when she took the test, she realized that she actually remembered everything.
The driveway frozen over, so be really careful when you leave for work tomorrow morning.
Jeffrey thought he gotten a present for every single one of his family members, but on Christmas morning, he realized that he had forgotten a present for his little brother.
My sister and I grown more than two feet this year.
My mom thought she hidden the Easter eggs in the front yard only, but Katie just found one in the back yard.
Yes, Patty ridden a donkey before.
If Lucile actually seen her long-lost puppy during the beach vacation, I think that she would have brought him back with her.
Next month, I will been eighteen years old for over half a year.
I thought I shown you this before, but no worries- I can just show you now.
Since I arrived at this conference for spork fanatics, I think that I spoken to more than ten thousand people, most of whom are silverware collectors.
By the end of this school year, Irene will taken at least 8 AP exams.
We think that the baby woken up already, but we aren't sure because we can't hear any crying through the baby monitor.
If I written this book, I would have written the ending much differently.
After today, both of us will become ordained ministers as well as verified Airbnb hosts, so I'm very excited.
If she had been just a little bit slower, I could beaten her in the marathon.
Over the course of my life, I run in upwards of 75 marathons in 60 different countries, but I've never actually made it to the finish line without passing out.
Jeffrey thought he had gotten a present for every single one of his family members, but on Christmas morning, he realized that he forgotten a present for his little brother.
If Bethany eaten your toast, I think she would have confessed to it when you confronted the room.
This cat been with me through it all: ten divorces, 17 weddings, three spring flings, the filming of my hit debut movie, and the death of my pet turtle, Jimothy.
If he had done just one more push-up within the allotted time period, he would beaten the world record for the most push-ups done in a minute.
If you worn the purple dress with the lacy frills at the bottom, you would've clashed with your date's suit.
You written 17 manuscripts, but you've never published anything.
Eleanor driven all the way into northern Canada before she realized that she'd accidentally left her suitcase and children at home.
After our anniversary next month, we will known each other for over 90 years.
Effie Trinket chosen Primrose Everdeen as the tribute for this year's Hunger Games.
If I had written this book, I would written the ending much differently.
If he sees Paranormal 8 this weekend, he will seen every single movie that's come out in theaters since 1982.
