She been cooking eggs when her uncle called.
You been reading that book all day!
They been considering getting a puppy, but they aren't sure if they're ready for the responsibility.
Young girls everywhere been listening to this album non-stop all summer.
Many people been trying to learn how to cook while they are trapped inside their houses during the quarantine.
Fireworks been going off somewhere in the distance, but we barely noticed.
We been waiting for five hours for the band to begin playing, and at this point I think we should consider going home.
The two been becoming better friends over the course of their sophomore year of college, but everything changed suddenly after a particularly stressful night.
Hordes of tourists been visiting New York City for centuries, but its most famous tourist destinations are nearly empty now.
They have been each other for only two months, and they are already fighting about who should do the dishes.
We been texting nearly every day during lockdown, but I'm not sure whether or not it means anything.
He been thinking about moving to Chicago.
The president been tweeting about the benefits of the mystery drug, but scientists remain skeptical.
I been trying to read at least one book per week, but it's difficult to find the time and attention.
They will been dating for more than five years in March.
My grandma been reminding me to fill out and submit my absentee ballot.
They been looking through old photos and reminiscing about the good times they'd had together when he realized that he should propose.
The artist been secretly recording an album during her time in quarantine and decided to release it as a surprise on a Thursday morning.
They been building a new shopping mall on the patch of land that used to be an old farm, but they had to stop once the stay at home order began.
Nancy been considering moving out of the apartment when she finally decided to re-sign the lease with her old roommates.
I been taking allergy medication every morning to prevent the massive quantities of pollen from ruining my day.
Shawn been drawing and painting since she was young, but in college she decided to double major in Art and Mathematics.
The ficus tree been slowly growing in the corner of our study.
He been writing fiction since he was young.
I been eating cheerios for breakfast every day this week.
That plant will been growing in my apartment for 10 years this fall. 
We been making pierogis with my aunts during Christmastime for as long as I can remember.
They been trying to cook shrimp on the grill when the police knocked on their door.
You been going to the grocery store only once per month when the pandemic began. 
She been needing to use the bathroom for hours when they finally pulled into a rest stop. 
My roommate been going on over 30 different dates per week; however, she has still not met anyone that she likes.
I been considering switching to a plant based diet when I read the article about how harmful meat is to the environment.
The air conditioner been blasting, but it will not get any cooler in this room.
A one-winged crow been hopping around my front yard during the daytime.
The leadership team been considering whether or not we should continue to work from home until a COVID-19 vaccine is developed.
Yves been building algorithms based on our verb tense error data sets.
Many people been thinking of applying or attending graduate school in the next few years, but the pandemic changed everything. 
I been putting off cutting my own bangs, but it wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be. 
We been catching up on the Sopranos together each evening. 
The woman been bringing baked goods over to her family each week.
Candace been dating her boyfriend for five years when he announced that he was thinking of leaving New York for good.
Bob been planning to imprison Candace in her room to keep her from escaping from the cult, but she didn't know that yet. 
Jonathan been wondering about the neighbor who lives in the apartment above his for a long time now.
Lenu and Lila been bonding over their shared experiences as girls growing up in a crime ridden neighborhood in Naples.
Lenu been worrying about her best friend Lila's decision to get married at sixteen.
By tomorrow, I will been living my life as a college graduate for over a year. 
Eating purely out of stress, he been snacking on those sugary toll house cookies all week long.
We all been riding the subway to work every day, except for the days when we decided to work from home. 
They all been sharing scary stories around the campfire when they heard a noise in the woods.
Lukas been kicking that soccer ball around all day.
Kyle been writing his magnum opus for over two decades, and it still isn't finished.
In ten minutes, those kids will been playing in the yard for the past six hours.
Rachel been jogging along the west bank of the river when she noticed a peculiar sight across the water.
We been working all day, so I think it's time to take a break and go get some ice cream at the shop nearby.
Even though Petunia been running for 36 hours, she still isn't tired.
After tomorrow, my dad will been thinking about this important job decision for the past two weeks.
Lucy been collecting unique snow globes her entire life, but the entire case of snow globes fell down yesterday, destroying her whole collection.
I been trying to solve this Rubik's Cube all day, but I've decided that it's completely impossible to solve.
For the past hour, the cat been wondering if it would ever be fed by its owners again, or if it would be left to starve.
We been hoping to receive new bicycles from Santa Claus, but we only got some moldy apples and socks.
I been cooking all day to prepare for Thanksgiving dinner.
Tyra been reading that book since this morning, and I think she really likes it.
After the next five minutes, I will been drinking coffee for the past four hours straight.
Olivia been taking 18 credit hours this semester, but she decided that the workload was way too much for her to handle, so she dropped out of college entirely.
Tim and Rory been dating for 3 months.
Although Gordon Ramsay been making homemade pasta for over 30 years, he thinks it's about time he tried the same pasta that the general public eats.
His family been going to that mega-church for an entire year, so the church is going to throw a giant celebration for them next week, which will be attended by Jesus himself.
Uncle Uncle been considering changing his name, but decided against it because he secretly liked the confusion it caused.
I been planning to take a vacation this month, but the coronavirus crisis stopped me in my tracks.
This time next week, I will been growing legal sunflowers in my backyard for over two months.
I will been living in the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport for over three years next month, and the authorities still haven't noticed my various hideouts.
Kayla been painting a portrait of her pet snake, but her snake swallowed the canvas whole yesterday.
Yeager been thinking about becoming a camp counselor, but she's hesitant because she hates children and nature.
The baby been sleeping for the past eight hours.
In two hours, I will been working on this project for the past two hours.
Our guinea pigs been snoring up a storm, so I threw a blanket over their cage an hour ago, and now I can barely hear their tiny snores.
Don't worry about the fact that I been considering secretly moving to Argentina.
My boyfriend been apologizing for the last hour, but I still haven't forgiven him for washing my prized white pillow case with his bright red baseball socks.
Rose and Rosie will been dating for over a decade next month!
At 6:00 today, we will been waiting at the DMV for the past 17 hours.
That police officer been reading 1984 last week, but it looks like he's moved on to Pride and Prejudice.
I been eating a peanut butter and banana sandwich every single day for the past seven years, and I'm still not tired of them.
My sister been writing a book all month.
After we reach the final mile marker, we will been running for over nine hours!
Sophie been drawing a picture of a giraffe, but her classmates made fun of the giraffe's weirdly-shaped legs, so she crumpled up the picture and threw it away.
I been trying to untie this knot in my necklace for over an hour now.
My dad been building a man cave in the backyard for over three years, and I'm starting to think that it'll never get finished.
After today, I will been attempting to solve this puzzle for the past three days.
Octavia been walking across the street when she realized that she forgot her wallet at home.
I been looking for a purse like this for such a long time!
Our dog been drinking from his water bowl for a really long time, so I think we should check and make sure he's okay.
My teacher been thinking about having a pizza party for our class all year, and I think she's finally going to make it happen.
Isabelle been taking a biology course online, but she couldn't understand any of the course material, so she quit taking the course.
I been going to this school for three years.
She been talking for such a long time, I completely forgot what the original topic of the conversation was.
After we cross the state border into Mississippi, we will been driving for the past 17 hours.
Yes, I been wondering about that.
Even though I been cooking this turkey all day long, I'm still having fun in the kitchen.
Our mom been fixing the sink for the past few hours, but I think it's still leaky.
Next month, I will been working at this fine establishment for the past twenty years.
