She be cooking eggs when her uncle called.
You be reading that book all day!
They be considering getting a puppy, but they aren't sure if they're ready for the responsibility.
Young girls everywhere be listening to this album non-stop all summer.
Many people be trying to learn how to cook while they are trapped inside their houses during the quarantine.
Fireworks be going off somewhere in the distance, but we barely noticed.
We be waiting for five hours for the band to begin playing, and at this point I think we should consider going home.
The two be becoming better friends over the course of their sophomore year of college, but everything changed suddenly after a particularly stressful night.
Hordes of tourists be visiting New York City for centuries, but its most famous tourist destinations are nearly empty now.
They have be each other for only two months, and they are already fighting about who should do the dishes.
We be texting nearly every day during lockdown, but I'm not sure whether or not it means anything.
He be thinking about moving to Chicago.
The president be tweeting about the benefits of the mystery drug, but scientists remain skeptical.
I be trying to read at least one book per week, but it's difficult to find the time and attention.
They will be dating for more than five years in March.
My grandma be reminding me to fill out and submit my absentee ballot.
They be looking through old photos and reminiscing about the good times they'd had together when he realized that he should propose.
The artist be secretly recording an album during her time in quarantine and decided to release it as a surprise on a Thursday morning.
They be building a new shopping mall on the patch of land that used to be an old farm, but they had to stop once the stay at home order began.
Nancy be considering moving out of the apartment when she finally decided to re-sign the lease with her old roommates.
I be taking allergy medication every morning to prevent the massive quantities of pollen from ruining my day.
Shawn be drawing and painting since she was young, but in college she decided to double major in Art and Mathematics.
The ficus tree be slowly growing in the corner of our study.
He be writing fiction since he was young.
I be eating cheerios for breakfast every day this week.
That plant will be growing in my apartment for 10 years this fall. 
We be making pierogis with my aunts during Christmastime for as long as I can remember.
They be trying to cook shrimp on the grill when the police knocked on their door.
You be going to the grocery store only once per month when the pandemic began. 
She be needing to use the bathroom for hours when they finally pulled into a rest stop. 
My roommate be going on over 30 different dates per week; however, she has still not met anyone that she likes.
I be considering switching to a plant based diet when I read the article about how harmful meat is to the environment.
The air conditioner be blasting, but it will not get any cooler in this room.
A one-winged crow be hopping around my front yard during the daytime.
The leadership team be considering whether or not we should continue to work from home until a COVID-19 vaccine is developed.
Yves be building algorithms based on our verb tense error data sets.
Many people be thinking of applying or attending graduate school in the next few years, but the pandemic changed everything. 
I be putting off cutting my own bangs, but it wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be. 
We be catching up on the Sopranos together each evening. 
The woman be bringing baked goods over to her family each week.
Candace be dating her boyfriend for five years when he announced that he was thinking of leaving New York for good.
Bob be planning to imprison Candace in her room to keep her from escaping from the cult, but she didn't know that yet. 
Jonathan be wondering about the neighbor who lives in the apartment above his for a long time now.
Lenu and Lila be bonding over their shared experiences as girls growing up in a crime ridden neighborhood in Naples.
Lenu be worrying about her best friend Lila's decision to get married at sixteen.
By tomorrow, I will be living my life as a college graduate for over a year. 
Eating purely out of stress, he be snacking on those sugary toll house cookies all week long.
We all be riding the subway to work every day, except for the days when we decided to work from home. 
They all be sharing scary stories around the campfire when they heard a noise in the woods.
Kyle be writing his magnum opus for over two decades, and it still isn't finished.
In ten minutes, those kids will be playing in the yard for the past six hours.
Rachel be jogging along the west bank of the river when she noticed a peculiar sight across the water.
We be working all day, so I think it's time to take a break and go get some ice cream at the shop nearby.
Even though Petunia be running for 36 hours, she still isn't tired.
After tomorrow, my dad will be thinking about this important job decision for the past two weeks.
Lucy be collecting unique snow globes her entire life, but the entire case of snow globes fell down yesterday, destroying her whole collection.
I be trying to solve this Rubik's Cube all day, but I've decided that it's completely impossible to solve.
For the past hour, the cat be wondering if it would ever be fed by its owners again, or if it would be left to starve.
We be hoping to receive new bicycles from Santa Claus, but we only got some moldy apples and socks.
I be cooking all day to prepare for Thanksgiving dinner.
Tyra has been reading that book since this morning, and I think she really likes it.
After the next five minutes, I will be drinking coffee for the past four hours straight.
Olivia be taking 18 credit hours this semester, but she decided that the workload was way too much for her to handle, so she dropped out of college entirely.
Tim and Rory be dating for 3 months.
Although Gordon Ramsay be making homemade pasta for over 30 years, he thinks it's about time he tried the same pasta that the general public eats.
His family be going to that mega-church for an entire year, so the church is going to throw a giant celebration for them next week, which will be attended by Jesus himself.
Uncle Uncle be considering changing his name, but decided against it because he secretly liked the confusion it caused.
I be planning to take a vacation this month, but the coronavirus crisis stopped me in my tracks.
This time next week, I will be growing legal sunflowers in my backyard for over two months.
I will be living in the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport for over three years next month, and the authorities still haven't noticed my various hideouts.
Kayla be painting a portrait of her pet snake, but her snake swallowed the canvas whole yesterday.
Yeager be thinking about becoming a camp counselor, but she's hesitant because she hates children and nature.
The baby be sleeping for the past eight hours.
In two hours, I will be working on this project for the past two hours.
Our guinea pigs be snoring up a storm, so I threw a blanket over their cage an hour ago, and now I can barely hear their tiny snores.
Don't worry about the fact that I be considering secretly moving to Argentina.
My boyfriend be apologizing for the last hour, but I still haven't forgiven him for washing my prized white pillow case with his bright red baseball socks.
Rose and Rosie will be dating for over a decade next month!
At 6:00 today, we will be waiting at the DMV for the past 17 hours.
That police officer be reading 1984 last week, but it looks like he's moved on to Pride and Prejudice.
I be eating a peanut butter and banana sandwich every single day for the past seven years, and I'm still not tired of them.
My sister be writing a book all month.
After we reach the final mile marker, we will be running for over nine hours!
Sophie be drawing a picture of a giraffe, but her classmates made fun of the giraffe's weirdly-shaped legs, so she crumpled up the picture and threw it away.
I be trying to untie this knot in my necklace for over an hour now.
My dad be building a man cave in the backyard for over three years, and I'm starting to think that it'll never get finished.
After today, I will be attempting to solve this puzzle for the past three days.
Octavia be walking across the street when she realized that she forgot her wallet at home.
I be looking for a purse like this for such a long time!
Our dog be drinking from his water bowl for a really long time, so I think we should check and make sure he's okay.
My teacher be thinking about having a pizza party for our class all year, and I think she's finally going to make it happen.
Isabelle be taking a biology course online, but she couldn't understand any of the course material, so she quit taking the course.
I be going to this school for three years.
She be talking for such a long time, I completely forgot what the original topic of the conversation was.
After we cross the state border into Mississippi, we will be driving for the past 17 hours.
Yes, I be wondering about that.
Even though I be cooking this turkey all day long, I'm still having fun in the kitchen.
Our mom be fixing the sink for the past few hours, but I think it's still leaky.
Next month, I will be working at this fine establishment for the past twenty years.
Lukas be kicking that soccer ball around all day.
