She had been cooking eggs when her uncle called.
You have been reading that book all day!
They've been considering getting a puppy, but they aren't sure if they're ready for the responsibility.
Young girls everywhere have been listening to this album non-stop all summer.
Many people have been trying to learn how to cook while they are trapped inside their houses during the quarantine.
Fireworks had been going off somewhere in the distance, but we barely noticed.
We have been waiting for five hours for the band to begin playing, and at this point I think we should consider going home.
The two had been becoming better friends over the course of their sophomore year of college, but everything changed suddenly after a particularly stressful night.
Hordes of tourists have been visiting New York City for centuries, but its most famous tourist destinations are nearly empty now.
They have been seeing each other for only two months, and they are already fighting about who should do the dishes.
We have been texting nearly every day during lockdown, but I'm not sure whether or not it means anything.
He has been thinking about moving to Chicago.
The president has been tweeting about the benefits of the mystery drug, but scientists remain skeptical.
I have been trying to read at least one book per week, but it's difficult to find the time and attention.
They will have been dating for more than five years in March.
My grandma has been reminding me to fill out and submit my absentee ballot.
They had been looking through old photos and reminiscing about the good times they'd had together when he realized that he should propose.
The artist had been secretly recording an album during her time in quarantine and decided to release it as a surprise on a Thursday morning.
They had been building a new shopping mall on the patch of land that used to be an old farm, but they had to stop once the stay at home order began.
Nancy had been considering moving out of the apartment when she finally decided to re-sign the lease with her old roommates.
I have been taking allergy medication every morning to prevent the massive quantities of pollen from ruining my day.
Shawn has been drawing and painting since she was young, but in college she decided to double major in Art and Mathematics.
The ficus tree has been slowly growing in the corner of our study.
He has been writing fiction since he was young.
I have been eating cheerios for breakfast every day this week.
That plant will have been growing in my apartment for 10 years this fall. 
We have been making pierogis with my aunts during Christmastime for as long as I can remember.
They had been trying to cook shrimp on the grill when the police knocked on their door.
You had been going to the grocery store only once per month when the pandemic began. 
She had been needing to use the bathroom for hours when they finally pulled into a rest stop. 
My roommate has been going on over 30 different dates per week; however, she has still not met anyone that she likes.
I had been considering switching to a plant based diet when I read the article about how harmful meat is to the environment.
The air conditioner has been blasting, but it will not get any cooler in this room.
A one-winged crow has been hopping around my front yard during the daytime.
The leadership team has been considering whether or not we should continue to work from home until a COVID-19 vaccine is developed.
Yves has been building algorithms based on our verb tense error data sets.
Many people my had been thinking of applying or attending graduate school in the next few years, but the pandemic changed everything. 
I had been putting off cutting my own bangs, but it wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be. 
We have been catching up on the Sopranos together each evening. 
The woman has been bringing baked goods over to her family each week.
Candace had been dating her boyfriend for five years when he announced that he was thinking of leaving New York for good.
Bob had been planning to imprison Candace in her room to keep her from escaping from the cult, but she didn't know that yet. 
Jonathan has been wondering about the neighbor who lives in the apartment above his for a long time now.
Lenu and Lila have been bonding over their shared experiences as girls growing up in a crime ridden neighborhood in Naples.
Lenu has been worrying about her best friend Lila's decision to get married at sixteen.
By tomorrow, I will have been living my life as a college graduate for over a year. 
Eating purely out of stress, he has been snacking on those sugary toll house cookies all week long.
We had all been riding the subway to work every day, except for the days when we decided to work from home. 
They had all been sharing scary stories around the campfire when they heard a noise in the woods.
Kyle has been writing his magnum opus for over two decades, and it still isn't finished.
In ten minutes, those kids will have been playing in the yard for the past six hours.
Rachel had been jogging along the west bank of the river when she noticed a peculiar sight across the water.
We have been working all day, so I think it's time to take a break and go get some ice cream at the shop nearby.
Even though Petunia has been running for 36 hours, she still isn't tired.
After tomorrow, my dad will have been thinking about this important job decision for the past two weeks.
Lucy had been collecting unique snow globes her entire life, but the entire case of snow globes fell down yesterday, destroying her whole collection.
I have been trying to solve this Rubik's Cube all day, but I've decided that it's completely impossible to solve.
For the past hour, the cat has been wondering if it would ever be fed by its owners again, or if it would be left to starve.
We had been hoping to receive new bicycles from Santa Claus, but we only got some moldy apples and socks.
I have been cooking all day to prepare for Thanksgiving dinner.
Tyra has been reading that book since this morning, and I think she really likes it.
After the next five minutes, I will have been drinking coffee for the past four hours straight.
Olivia had been taking 18 credit hours this semester, but she decided that the workload was way too much for her to handle, so she dropped out of college entirely.
Tim and Rory have been dating for 3 months.
Although Gordon Ramsay has been making homemade pasta for over 30 years, he thinks it's about time he tried the same pasta that the general public eats.
His family has been going to that mega-church for an entire year, so the church is going to throw a giant celebration for them next week, which will be attended by Jesus himself.
Uncle Uncle had been considering changing his name, but decided against it because he secretly liked the confusion it caused.
I had been planning to take a vacation this month, but the coronavirus crisis stopped me in my tracks.
This time next week, I will have been growing legal sunflowers in my backyard for over two months.
I will have been living in the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport for over three years next month, and the authorities still haven't noticed my various hideouts.
Kayla had been painting a portrait of her pet snake, but her snake swallowed the canvas whole yesterday.
Yeager has been thinking about becoming a camp counselor, but she's hesitant because she hates children and nature.
The baby has been sleeping for the past eight hours.
In two hours, I will have been working on this project for the past two hours.
Our guinea pigs had been snoring up a storm, so I threw a blanket over their cage an hour ago, and now I can barely hear their tiny snores.
Don't worry about the fact that I have been considering secretly moving to Argentina.
My boyfriend has been apologizing for the last hour, but I still haven't forgiven him for washing my prized white pillow case with his bright red baseball socks.
Rose and Rosie will have been dating for over a decade next month!
At 6:00 today, we will have been waiting at the DMV for the past 17 hours.
That police officer had been reading 1984 last week, but it looks like he's moved on to Pride and Prejudice.
I have been eating a peanut butter and banana sandwich every single day for the past seven years, and I'm still not tired of them.
My sister has been writing a book all month.
After we reach the final mile marker, we will have been running for over nine hours!
Sophie had been drawing a picture of a giraffe, but her classmates made fun of the giraffe's weirdly-shaped legs, so she crumpled up the picture and threw it away.
I have been trying to untie this knot in my necklace for over an hour now.
My dad has been building a man cave in the backyard for over three years, and I'm starting to think that it'll never get finished.
After today, I will have been attempting to solve this puzzle for the past three days.
Octavia had been walking across the street when she realized that she forgot her wallet at home.
I have been looking for a purse like this for such a long time!
Our dog has been drinking from his water bowl for a really long time, so I think we should check and make sure he's okay.
My teacher has been thinking about having a pizza party for our class all year, and I think she's finally going to make it happen.
Isabelle had been taking a biology course online, but she couldn't understand any of the course material, so she quit taking the course.
I have been going to this school for three years.
She has been talking for such a long time, I completely forgot what the original topic of the conversation was.
After we cross the state border into Mississippi, we will have been driving for the past 17 hours.
Yes, I had been wondering about that.
Even though I have been cooking this turkey all day long, I'm still having fun in the kitchen.
Our mom has been fixing the sink for the past few hours, but I think it's still leaky.
Next month, I will have been working at this fine establishment for the past twenty years.
Lukas has been kicking that soccer ball around all day.
