Charlie and Mikaile are cousins who attend the same school.
My cousin's shirt ended up in my gymbag—he must have left it at my house this weekend.
The duck's feathers were purple, which was strange for mallards in New York.
The ducklings swam in a tight, orderly line behind their mother.
My mother's favorite flower is a sunflower, which is fitting for her bright, optimistic personality.
My father's favorite flower is concrete, because he doesn't actually like flowers.
My parents have different opinions on property asthetics; one likes gardens and the other likes stonework.
My parent's home, therefore, was a very strange-looking place to grow up in.
Llewelyn's money was hidden in the ceiling of his trailer, so that Chigurh wouldn't find it.
The dogs barked outside of the Moss trailer, but neither Llewelyn nor Carla heard them.
Anton Chigur didn't use weapons to intimidate people, he used strange wordplay.
Anton Chigur's favorite riddle involved a coin toss.
Llewelyn Moss was one of many Vietnam veterans who had trouble adjusting to civilian life, and finding money at a crime scene didn't make his life easier.
The veteran's favorite hunting spot actually became a battleground for rival cartels.
Moss found one cartel's money after the fighting stopped, and ran with it.
One cartel sent someone to recover the money, and soon police officers got involved.
As crafty as Moss was, he couldn't evade both cartels forever.
Chigurh never reached Moss— the other cartel's men got to him first.
That story isn't like traditional westerns; it is more modern.
Modern westerns are known as neo-westerns.
In a neo-western, the heroes are often characters who are trying to escape from a life of modern crime in an urban landscape.
A neo-western's hero can also be more meditative and emotional than his or her classic counterpart.
Often, there are several layers of conflict in a neo-western.
Take 'The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada' as an example.
There are a few theme's and conflict's that the film explores.
In that story, Pete's arc requires that he forgive the man who killed his friend.
The antagonist wrestles with internal issues: his own racism, guilt, and responsible use of the power that his authority grants him.
The protagonist kidnaps the antagonist and forces him on a long journey on foot; there aren't enough horses for both of them.
They travel many miles to give Melquiades Estrada a proper burial.
However, Melquiades Estradas' home isn't what Pete expected it to be.
The journey through unsheltered mountains causes both men to learn from each other and grow, even if the destination was not what they expected.
Personally, I like a neo-western more than a traditional one, because there are more opportunities for character growth.
Don't get me started on neo-noir vs. traditional film noir movies.
I definitely prefer neo-noir films over stuff like 'The Maltese Falcon' or 'The Third Man.'
My reasons are almost purely aesthetic, and that is okay.
A neo-noir movie is typically in color, which helps it capture a city's character.
Neon lights and rainy streets make the city seem at once sad and terrifying.
Neon-noir movies are all about mood; they are evocative. 
Sometimes there will be long shots on a blinking lights or a broken windows to put the viewer in a certain state of mind.
Let's not forget the scores for those films!
Sometimes the soundtracks combine synthesizers and traditional instruments.
Also, neo-noir is more likely to explore ideas from other genres.
In 'Blade Runner' Rick Deckard's adventure is both a science fiction tale and a pulpy detective story.
On top of that, it raised a number of questions about Deckhard himself.
Is Deckhard human, or one of many replicants hiding among humans?
Deckhard's dreams have been a source of controversy since the director's cut of the movie was released in 1992.
The blade runner's dreams involved a unicorn running through a forest.
Fantastical dreams aren't abnormal, but this one meant something more.
Gaff's decision to leave an origami unicorn at the apartment tells us that he knows something private about his partner.
In the end, Roy Batty's compassion made him more human that his replicant heritage would have the viewer expect.
In fact, one could argue that the replicants were more sympathetic than the humans in that story.
That imagined future's influence on cyberpunk was huge.
There is debate as to whether generes like cyberpunk are still relavent.
Cyberpunk was born out of cultural and economic anxieties that do not bother people the same way they used to.
We have a far more positive outlook on technology, for example, than cyberpunk writers did. 
The world changed as well; conflict between world superpowers will not pan out the same way that was predicted at the time of 'Neuromancer' and 'Blade Runner.'
A superpower's might is no longer determined by a nuclear arsenal; it is determined by a digital one.
The cyberpunk genere also depends on a number of fears that just seem silly now.
We're more likely to be addicted to social media than cybernetic implants.
That said, William Gibson's 'Neuromancer' was somewhat prescient.
Case's desire to spend more time in cyberspace could have been taken from a current study on teenage behavior.
There are other elements of the story, however, that make it dated.
Gibson didn't imagine any new form of communication; everyone uses payphones in his future.
I honestly don't know if newer examples of cyberpunk can truly modernize the genre.
Many novels and comics are categorized as cyberpunk, but they just recycle tropes from the original genre.
A lot of cyberpunk narratives are the same as they were thirty year's ago.
"Oh great, another gang with weird electronic ornaments on their clothing," is what I end up thinking.
I suppose "Black Mirror" can be considered cyberpunk, but it's mostly a bunch of fables focusing on technology.
Every episode ends with a machine saying something like "Actually, we are the humans and you are the computers."
Max's work tends to focus on literature and film.
I guess you could say that he likes to share his interests with the AI.
Also, it's easier for him to summarize plots than to come up with a sentence from scratch every time.
Well, he also likes to describe former students.
His five years in the classroom yield a number of funny stories.
He typically taught four sections on a given schoolday.
One year, his school's block schedule required something of an adjustment period for him.
He taught at both public and charter schools.
Also, he taught two different subjects: Social Studies and English.
Mr. de Martino's prefrence was Social Studies, but he was happy to learn to teach other courses.
His friend, Mr. Vinyl, also taught English but was a fan of technology classes too.
Mr. Vinyls classroom was lot more lighthearted than Mr. de Martinos.
Mr. Vinyl understood that a student's success required a great balance of rapport with the teacher and understanding of the material.
Mr. de Martino had a few really great teacher-student relationships too.
He loved the funny cartoons one student made, documenting daily life as a thirteen year-old.
Mr. de Martino prefers being Max de Martino to his peers at Quill. 
It'd be so strange if Quill employees went by "Mr./Ms.", don't you think?
Imagine if you had to call team members by those titles!
Thinking about that puts me into the shoes of my former students.
It must feel so liberating when kids can address adults by their first names.
Still, as an adult, I never use my mom's name nor my dad's.
Even when you've grown up, there are household and cultural customs that stay intact.
I know some people who don't call their aunts or uncles by title, but simply by name.
I think my aunt's name, Sylvia, is really nice, but she'll always be "Aunt Sylvia," to me.
One uncle's name, Keith, is also a good one, but again, he'll always be "Uncle Keith" to me.
With grandparents it's different because how you address them depends on their backgrounds.
My Italian grandmother's name, Enrica, became "Nonna Rica" to me, while my American grandma is simply "Grandma Pat."
My American grandpa is "Grandpa Ken," wheras my Italian grandfather's name, Alberto, became "Nonno Al."
The hours have gone by pretty quickly lately because I've been staying busy.
A developer's job requires that he/she/they work on curricular content.
I cover content from a lot of areas, but my major focus is history.
