Charlie and Mikaile are cousin's who attend the same school.
My cousins shirt ended up in my gymbag—he must have left it at my house this weekend.
The ducks feathers were purple, which is strange for mallards in New York.
The duckling's swam in a tight, orderly line behind their mother.
My mothers favorite flower is a sunflower, which is fitting for her bright, optimistic personality.
My fathers favorite flower is concrete, because he doesn't actually like flowers.
My parent's have different opinions on property asthetics; one likes gardens and the other likes stonework.
My parents home, therefore, was a very strange-looking place to grow up in.
Llewelyns money was hidden in the ceiling of his trailer, so that Chigurh wouldn't find it.
The dog's barked outside of the Moss trailer, but neither Llewelyn nor Carla heard them.
Anton Chigur didn't use weapon's to intimidate people, he used strange wordplay.
Anton Chigurs favorite riddle involved a coin toss.
Llewelyn Moss was one of many Vietnam veteran's who had trouble adjusting to civilian life, and finding money at a crime scene didn't make his life easier.
The veterans favorite hunting spot actually became a battleground for rival cartels.
Moss found one cartels money after the fighting stopped, and ran with it.
One cartel sent someone to recover the money, and soon police officer's got involved.
As crafty as Moss was, he couldn't evade both cartel's forever.
Chigurh never reached Moss— the other cartels men got to him first.
That story isn't like traditional western's; it is more modern.
Modern western's are known as neo-western's.
In a neo-western, the heroe's are often character's who are trying to escape from a life of modern crime in an urban landscape.
A neo-westerns hero can also be more meditative and emotional than his or her classic counterpart.
Often, there are several layer's of conflict in a neo-western.
Take 'The Three Burial's of Melquiades Estrada' as an example.
There are a few theme's and conflict's that the film explores.
In that story, Petes arc requires that he forgive the man who killed his friend.
The antagonist wrestles with internal issue's: his own racism, guilt, and responsible use of the power that his authority grants him.
The protaginist kidnaps the antagonist and forces him on a long journey on foot; there aren't enough horse's for both of them.
They travel many mile's to give Melquiades Estrada a proper burial.
However, Melquiades Estradas home isn't what Pete expected it to be.
The journey through unsheltered mountain's causes both men to learn from each other and grow, even if the destination was not what they expected.
Personally, I like a neo-western more than a traditional one, because there are more opportunitie's for character growth.
Don't get me started on neo-noir vs. traditional film noir movie's.
I definitely prefer neo-noir film's over stuff like 'The Maltese Falcon' or 'The Third Man.'
My reason's are almost purely aesthetic, and that is okay.
A neo-noir movie is typically in color, which helps it capture a citys character.
Neon light's and rainy street's make the city seem at once sad and terrifying.
Neon-noir movie's are all about mood; they are evocative. 
Sometimes there will be long shot's on a blinking light's or a broken window's to put the viewer in a certain state of mind.
Let's not forget the score's for those film's!
Sometimes the soundtrack's combine synthesizer's and traditional instrument's.
Also, neo-noir is more likely to explore idea's from other genre's.
In 'Blade Runner' Rick Deckards adventure is both a science fiction tale and a pulpy detective story.
On top of that, it raised a number of question's about Deckhard himself.
Is Deckhard human, or one of many replicant's hiding among human's?
Deckhards dream's have been a source of controversy since the directors cut of the movie was released in 1992.
The blade runners dream's involved a unicorn running through a forest.
Fantastical dream's aren't abnormal, but this one meant something more.
Gaffs decision to leave an origami unicorn at the apartment tells us that he knows something private about his partner.
In the end, Roy Battys compassion made him more human that his replicant heritage would have the viewer expect.
In fact, one could argue that the replicant's were more sympathetic than the human's in that story.
That imagined futures influence on cyberpunk was huge.
There is debate as to whether genere's like cyberpunk are still relavent.
Cyberpunk was born out of cultural and economic anxietie's that do not bother people the same way they used to.
We have a far more positive outlook on technology, for example, than cyberpunk writer's did. 
The world changed as well; conflict between world superpower's will not pan out the same way that was predicted at the time of 'Neuromancer' and 'Blade Runner.'
A superpowers might is no longer determined by a nuclear arsenal; it is determined by a digital one.
The cyberpunk genere also depends on a number of fear's that just seem silly now.
We're more likely to be addicted to social media than cybernetic implant's.
That said, William Gibsons 'Neuromancer' was somewhat prescient.
Cases desire to spend more time in cyberspace could have been taken from a current study on teenage behavior.
There are other element's of the story, however, that make it dated.
Gibson didn't imagine any new form of communication; everyone uses payphone's in his future.
I honestly don't know if newer example's of cyberpunk can truly modernize the genre.
Many novel's and comic's are categorized as cyberpunk, but they just recycle trope's from the original genre.
A lot of cyberpunk narrative's are the same as they were thirty year's ago.
"Oh great, another gang with weird electronic ornament's on their clothing," is what I end up thinking.
I suppose "Black Mirror" can be considered cyberpunk, but it's mostly a bunch of fable's focusing on technology.
Every episode ends with a machine saying something like "Actually, we are the human's and you are the computer's."
Maxs work tends to focus on literature and film.
I guess you could say that he likes to share his interest's with the AI.
Also, it's easier for him to summarize plot's than to come up with a sentence from scratch every time.
Well, he also likes to describe former student's.
His five year's in the classroom yield a number of funny story's.
He typically taught four section's on a given schoolday.
One year, his schools block schedule required something of an adjustment period for him.
He taught at both public and charter school's.
Also, he taught two different subject's: Social Studies and English.
Mr. de Martino's prefrence was Social Studies, but he was happy to learn to teach other course's.
His friend, Mr. Vinyl, also taught English but was a fan of technology classe's too.
Mr. Vinyls classroom was lot more lighthearted than Mr. de Martino's.
Mr. Vinyl understood that a students success required a great balance of rapport with the teacher and understanding of the material.
Mr. de Martino had a few really great teacher-student relationship's too.
He loved the funny cartoon's one student made, documenting daily life as a thirteen year-old.
Mr. de Martino prefers being Max de Martino to his peer's at Quill. 
It'd be so strange if Quill employee's went by "Mr./Ms.", don't you think?
Imagine if you had to call team member's by those title's!
Thinking about that puts me into the shoe's of my former student's.
It must feel so liberating when kid's can address adult's by their first name's.
Still, as an adult, I never use my moms name nor my dads.
Even when you've grown up, there are household and cultural custom's that stay intact.
I know some people who don't call their aunt's or uncle's by title, but simply by name.
I think my aunts name, Sylvia, is really nice, but she'll always be "Aunt Sylvia," to me.
One uncles name, Keith, is also a good one, but again, he'll always be "Uncle Keith" to me.
With grandparent's it's different because how you address them depends on their background's.
My Italian grandmothers name, Enrica, became "Nonna Rica" to me, while my American grandma is simply "Grandma Pat."
My American grandpa is "Grandpa Ken," wheras my Italian grandfathers name, Alberto, became "Nonno Al."
The hour's have gone by pretty quickly lately because I've been staying busy.
A developers job requires that he/she/they work on curricular content.
I cover content from a lot of area's, but my major focus is history.
