Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
How often do you buy clothes?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's the most daring thing you've ever done?
What was the last thing you recorded on TV?
What was the last book you read?
What's your favorite type of foreign food?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
What's your favorite family recipe?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What's your favorite movie?
How old were you when you learned Santa wasn't real? How did you find out?
is your glass half full or half empty?
What's the craziest thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What's the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Do you collect anything?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
What two radio stations do you listen to in the car the most?
Which would you rather do: wash dishes, mow the lawn, clean the bathroom, or vacuum the house?
if you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
if you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Who is your favorite author?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
in the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
Would you rather vacation in HawaiI or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
if money was no object, what would you do all day?
if you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
How would your friends describe you?
What are your hobbies?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the worst gift you have received?
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
If you were a super-hero, what powers would you have?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What form of public transportation do you prefer? (air, boat, train, bus, car, etc.)
What's your favorite zoo animal?
