Except for when she used to live at home with her family, Christine had never shared a space with a roommate before.
If the new owners had warned their neighbors the day before that they were going to chop down the old oak tree in their yard, the rest of the neighborhood would have been able to say goodbye to it.
The National Peanut Butter Convention had always taken place in Dublin, Ireland until 2003 when they decided to move it to Dallas, Texas.
Scientists had always thought that all mammals were flightless until the day they discovered that platypuses can fly.
By the time recreational use of magic was made legal in my state, I had read every book in the Harry Potter series.
Rebecca had never seen a piece of fruit in real life before, so when she went to Food Bazaar for the first time she bought every coconut that they had in stock.
I had almost used up all of the toothpaste when I discovered that the tube was actually filled with squid ink.
By the time he learned that Ringo Starr was actually his father, Clara's son had learned the words to every song in the Beatles' discography.
I had planned to travel to Los Angeles in June before the quarantine began, but I was forced to cancel the trip.
Jeremiah didn't know how to dance until his little sister had already finished college in 1993.
My mom's new dog had just finished his potty training when we made the decision to foster an additional litter of puppies.
Even though she had already assumed that he knew she had feelings for him, Ben did not notice that she was interested in him before they took a cross-country road trip together.
When I turned eighteen, I had not learned how to drive yet.
When you were sixteen, you had never written a poem yet; however, when you turned seventeen, you began to write poetry. 
The children were shocked when they discovered a pod of dolphins had raised them from the time they were babies.
My mom's new dog had just finished his potty training when we made the decision to foster an additional litter of puppies.
The movie was filmed in black and white, so no one had seen the color of the main character's dress before when the colorized version was released in 1977.
She had never eaten human meat straight off of the bone before the day that she discovered she was actually part vampire and desperately needed to feed.
Nani had just finished watching the season finale of The Bachelor when she heard a noise outside and realized that aliens were attacking the country.
If the boys had bought some antacid before consuming 1000 chicken wings in one sitting, they could've prevented the waves of nausea that followed.
If her mother had not passed away, the rapper never would have started her musical career.
If we had never discovered the body that was hidden in the old oak tree, that could've been the best Halloween of our young lives.
By the time I discovered our families were sworn enemies, I had already fallen in love with him.
Even though the college had already banned hazing rituals before Tara decided to try and join, it didn't stop the girls from making her eat an entire bar of soap.
My phone had just frozen in the middle of a software update when he asked to put his contact information into my phone, so he wrote down his number on a nearby napkin.
The tree had never seen so many humans walking around in nature before, and it wondered what they were doing outside.
Even though the flight attendant had already announced multiple times where they were going, the hockey team didn't realize that they had boarded the wrong flight until they landed on the runway in Antarctica.
My mom could have safely enjoyed shrimp for the rest of her life if she had not become pregnant with me, because the pregnancy caused her to develop a shellfish allergy.
Although Carrie's mother had already experienced several tornadoes before this one, Carried was terrified as they descended down into the basement.
If Jake Paul had stopped producing videos of himself threatening powerful public officials, the Canadian government would not have sent him a cease and desist letter.
She had just finished drinking her cup of tea when she learned that an asteroid was going to crash into the earth and end all life as we know it.
The nuns had never gardened before, so they looked up a free online course that would teach them how to grow their favorite fruits and vegetables.
I had already finished working as an analyst on Wall Street when I decided to search for a new job as a scuba instructor.
If I had never discovered my passion for mountain climbing, I never would have understood people who are willing uproot themselves and move to a different country for the sake of love.
Paul had never wondered what the meaning of life was before, but then he began to study philosophy.
He didn't start picking at his turkey and cranberry sauce until his Mom had already finished eating.
He had never believed in ghosts when his pants became possessed and walked out of the room without him, so he was shocked to have to reevaluate this belief system.
If I had experienced a nosebleed before, then it would mean that I was born with normal human blood; however, I was born with grape jelly running through my veins.
If he had overcome his intense fear of mouths before we started dating, then we would've kissed much sooner in our relationship.
Sarah Palin had never eaten a kumquat before the 2010 census; therefore, she was not allowed to attend the 2005 International Kumquat Exposition.
Jessica didn't understand simple addition and subtraction until after she had already finished teaching an advanced calculus course at UC Berkeley.
Before I watched a video created by the YouTube star Tana Mongeau, I had already decided that the lives of celebrities were boring, but her "get ready with me" video completely changed my mind.
Two weeks ago, I emailed my friend Nelson looking for some instruction in stocking a proper bar, which I had never had, and set about first looking for a cocktail shaker to avoid the continued use of an old spaghetti sauce jar.
I had not made a decision yet when it was my turn to order, and I stuttered a bit as I began to address the counterman.
At the moment that the coronavirus outbreak was reaching New York City, Beckett Mufson, a 27-year-old advertising executive, had just decided to reach out to his ex girlfriend after months of not speaking.
I had never tried making lasagna before Samin Nosrat suggested it, so I decided to try.
If the coronavirus had not caused so many tenants to become unemployed, then my landlord would not have offered us a discount on this month's rent.
Mia didn't realize that it was one of my favorite songs until the album had already finished playing.
Even though Steven had already researched coronavirus and knew this his cat could not contract it, he still worried when she began to sneeze.
By the time we went to the store and bought some red snapper, the bok choy we had planned to cook it with had already gone bad.
The majority of people had never eaten boiled peanuts before that trip, so all the gas stations made sure to stock up on as many unique flavors as possible.
If he had woken up before the train left the station at 6:00 AM, he would've been able to get to Washington, D.C. in time for Ellen DeGeneres's inauguration.
The neighbors had not left their house in weeks, so they were astonished to discover the nuclear plant the government had been building in their backyard over the past month.
Elroy had never caused trouble in the village before; however, he started heckling local police and firefighters after his vacation in the Alps.
The engineer's cats had never gotten sunburnt before, so she didn't realize that the distressing scab on her cat's ear was just the result of an excess of sunlight.
Even though she had never broken anything in her life, she was ultimately blamed for the incident.
Although he was marrying into a Jewish family, Paul had only celebrated Christmas with his Christian family in the past.
If the birdwatcher had seen the rare downy-feathered bluejay that morning, she would have been the number one birdwatcher in the entire nation.
While the author had written more than 80 successful novels in his lifetime, his recent screenplay was considered a monumental failure by critics across the field.
When her grandfather received the first Nobel Peace Prize, Helena had already worked with Oprah on piloting the first mission to the moon for over three years.
We didn't arrive at the international film festival until the fifth film, an apocalyptic comedy starring the late Johnny Cash, had just ended.
The entire class of students had already finished their tests when the tenth fire alarm of the day went off.
On July 21st, 2019, I'd worked at the summer camp with my brother for two months.
Janine would have made it into the academy if she had studied harder for the day-long entrance exam.
Billy had just finished binge-watching every single episode of the recent hit series "Cats Can Play Mini-Golf if they Try Hard Enough" when his vast collection of snow globes smashed to the ground.
If the pen had had enough ink, the demilitarization agreement between South Korea and North Korea would've been able to be signed.
My best friend invited me to go out to eat with her after school, but I had just gone to the cafeteria for a late lunch an hour before.
They had already arisen from their bunk beds when the rooster crowed on top of the mill.
All of the ice cream cones had frozen solid by the time the siblings found the secret freezer in their parents' basement.
While he had never flown a commercial airline before, both pilots were unconscious, so he had no choice.
If the football team had played well enough last weekend, our school would've gone to the playoffs.
The experiment had already finished before the first guinea pig exited the cage with a reward carrot in its tiny mouth.
Even though the national spelling bee president had just called my name as the winner a few seconds prior, one of my rivals took the opportunity to snatch the trophy out of my hands and dash out the door.
The garbageman had known about the secret room beside the trash chute for the past four years, but he hadn't found a way to open the door until yesterday.
If Corrie hadn't met Eugene before she became the 32nd American Idol, they would never have dated.
Although Maya thought she had changed her flight the night before, the flight attendant in front of her was adamant that she was supposed to board her original flight.
By the time Marcelle got to the party, all of his friends had gone home.
She had not eaten at that restaurant before today, so the waiter made sure to tell her every single one of their 40 daily specials in great detail.
On his 20th birthday, Timothy had taken a picture of his face up close every single day for ten years.
While Elizabeth had assumed that the Chinese government was ruled by Xi Jinping alone, she realized on her trip to a rural Chinese town last week that there were actually many people in power in local governments.
Tyrone could've become the new Grand Marshall if he had gone to the gala last night and put his name into the bowl.
The gardener had just finished planting the last row of orchids when the town's rival gardening group threw a hornet's nest at him from across the street.
Eleanor had never met a famous person before, so she passed out when she saw Nick Jonas at the Teen Choice Awards.
The newest member of the club had already taken his vows when the president announced the change to the contract.
If I had taken the sobriety test later in the week, I wouldn't have been allowed to go to the dance that Friday.
Georgia had never tried jellybeans before, so she was surprised to find out that they weren't liquid inside when she ate them for the first time last month.
Country music had never appealed to her before, but that changed when she became friends with country music star Mike Pence.
The bulletin board would've fallen down if a group of rats living in the school hadn't worked together to pull it up with an intricate Rube Goldberg machine.
Jungkook had just finished dance practice when his boyfriend, Jimin, walked into the dance studio with lunch for both of them.
If you had not docked the boat correctly yesterday, it could have floated away, never to be seen again.
Edie had never worked at Yellowstone before, but she ended up being very happy that she made the decision to work at Old Faithful this past summer.
When the group of esteemed drill manufacturers arrived at the hardware convention, a rowdy argument between nail supporters and screw fanatics had already begun.
The train had already left the station when we ran up to the platform.
He hadn't informed me of his contagious illness yet when he asked to become roommates in a downtown studio apartment.
If we had not finally gone outside yesterday, I would've gone stir-crazy.
Until that fateful day, Courtney had never spoken to someone from a foreign country before.
On the 5th of April last year, I had worked with my best friends at the museum for ten whole months.
I would've studied abroad somewhere else if I had known about the tsunami that hit the coast of Japan while I was studying marine biology there.
All of the baby elephants had already grown up and left the herd by the time I went back to sub-Saharan Africa years later.
The pepper-eating competition had already ended by the time I arrived at the festival, three tons of spicy peppers in tow.
