Those geese get angry whenever I come near their babies.
You have a lot of books on your bookshelf.
Will you help me carry these watermelons into the house?
There are no trains running at this hour.
Our gutters are filled with leaves and gunk.
He ate two entire pizzas by himself and he is still hungry! 
We looked at countless apartments last week; however, upon further consideration all of us have decided to move back in with our parents.
There are lines on the floor of the supermarket to encourage people to social distance by standing 6 feet apart. 
I don't know what the rules are in scrabble.
You are constantly telling lies, but I never believe them anymore. 
Have you seen the pictures of Cardi B dancing with Elon Musk?
They stayed behind to help stack up the chairs in the auditorium.
How many kids do you want to have when you're older?
People are posting black squares on instagram in support of the Black Lives Matter movement. 
No restaurants on that street are open right now, and we are starving. 
All I've eaten today is cookies.
My mom likes to tell me stories about when she and her brother were young and lived in New Mexico.
There are no words that can fully express how people have been feeling lately.
We need to buy a pencil sharpener since all of our pencils are dull.
Are there one or two beds in that hotel room?
My eyes are hurting from playing video games for 18 straight hours.
The doctor said that her lungs are in good condition now that she has recovered from the disease.
There are so many tweets being posted about the protests that it is hard to know where to find accurate, reliable information.
Do penguins live in Antarctica or at the North Pole?
As it turns out, there were mice stealing food from our pantry this entire time. 
Ants are crawling up and down the walls in search for a crumb of food.
How many more stairs do we need to climb?
I saw many beautiful paintings on my trip to the Louvre.
I know a lot of men who refuse to use facewash because they think it isn't masculine.
Many girls have had a tomboy phase.
It is more than just a few bad apples.
Every autumn, she rakes up the leaves that have fallen in the front yard.
He is coming to deliver our groceries at 2pm.
Some emojis have ambiguous meanings; however, other ones are almost universally understood to mean the same thing.
Do you wear glasses every single day, or do you sometimes wear contacts?
Do you wear glasses every single day, or do you sometimes wear contacts?
This is my favorite pair of jeans; however, I generally wear skirts and dresses to work.
My mom cooks my favorite noodles with coconut milk and curry powder.
We need to close all of the windows before the rain starts.
Are there any clean bowls in the cabinet, or do they all need to be washed?
All of those bananas have gone bad, but we can still use them to make banana bread. 
I have ignored all of his phone calls, but today I decided to pick up to hear what he has to say.
A few telephone poles were pulled down by the storm. 
She has read many books on the subject, but she still doesn't know or understand. 
There were four different kinds of bell peppers at the supermarket.
Some people say that the streets are dangerous, but others disagree.
Do you need any snacks?
We are driving to Home Depot to purchase supplies.
Many people have cried many tears over the weekend.
Plenty of articles are circling around social media; however, few people have actually taken the time to read them. 
I think there are puppies in your room!
Those bottles of water are way too full, and I think they're going to explode if you don't pour some water out.
Seven tables are sitting in the classroom, but nobody has organized them in any way yet.
Phones are prohibited in class, so please put your cell phones in the basket by the door on your way in.
That radio station plays songs that I like, so I really want to get an internship there.
Have you ever seen rats in the subway cars?
If there are windows in the house, we aren't actually legally allowed to purchase the property.
Only some men are disrespectful to women.
People are crowding into Times Square for all of the New Year's celebrations.
These blankets will keep you warm when you visit Antarctica this winter with your cousin, Susie.
All of the women in the bathroom worked together to help the nice older lady get a stain off of her blouse.
Years had passed before I realized what his statement had truly meant: he hated me more than anything else in his life.
If there are worms in these apples, I will personally deliver a new truckload of apples to your home.
My teeth hurt.
Those icicles on the mailbox across the street are really pretty.
Our children need new school supplies before school starts in September.
No matter what you say, I still believe that buildings should be strong enough to endure every single type of natural disaster.
Do you like oranges?
I think those clowns are riding on unicycles!
Even though experimenting on mice feels wrong, it's the only way we're able to develop treatments and vaccines for humans.
Who doesn't like elephants?
There are lines in front of every store in the city because everything is about to open up for Black Friday.
Knives are very dangerous, so if I see you running with a knife again, you're going to be grounded.
Can plants grow in complete darkness, or is that impossible?
Your ears are bright red, so you should probably go to the school nurse and have him take your temperature.
I've heard that geese are actually pretty dangerous if you get too close, but I could've heard that information from a faulty source.
Do anteaters actually eat ants?
We all have stickers on our water bottles, but Kenzie's stickers are the best by far because she has a rare sticker of our lord and savior, Harry Styles.
We should all bring our laptops to Panera Bread so that we can start working on our group project, right?
Yes, coffee cups are really bad for the environment, but I'm pretty sure that plastic bags are worse.
That bakery's loaves of bread look so tasty.
Brenda said that cupcakes are just muffins with icing, but I feel like there has to be a bigger difference than that.
Why are there feathers all over our driveway?
The neighbors' kids all got pogo sticks for Christmas, so the sound of metal bouncing on concrete has been echoing in my brain for more than a week.
I think that bathtubs should be abolished.
Trees are people too.
My socks are wet because I stepped in a puddle in the kitchen, so I'm trying to find the culprit who dropped an ice cube.
Why are men's pockets so much bigger than women's?
Please roll the dice.
Trixie said that she sees the shape of a ukulele in those clouds, but I can only see a warped spatula.
I think that potatoes are the best when they're in the form of french fries.
I think that potatoes are the best when they're in the form of french fries.
The wolves come out at night, but if you wake up early enough, you might be able to catch a glimpse of them.
Do trombones sound like that naturally, or are they genetically altered?
She goes through 100 tissues every day because of her intense allergy to her beloved pet cats.
Olly thinks that there should be more sidewalks in Homewood, but I'm nervous that he actually wants to replace all roads with sidewalks.
How much do these planters cost?
Oh my goodness, your feet smell so bad.
I've heard that grapes are a luxury in some countries, but I honestly hate grapes because they remind me of eyeballs.
I've heard that grapes are a luxury in some countries, but I honestly hate grapes because they remind me of eyeballs.
