Every song on that album is extremely catchy.
None of the moles on my back look like they need to be examined by a doctor.
All of her hairstyles were so fabulous.
Nothing was in the fridge, so we realized we needed to go to the store.
Some girls use coconut oil as a moisturizer, but I use gasoline. 
Each night of our vacation was even better than the last. 
Any doubts about the existence of aliens are required to be reported to your manager immediately.
None of my friends think that One Direction makes good music; nevertheless, they are one of my favorite bands.
Another is going to make her pass out, but Amy is making herself a cocktail anyway.
Anybody who thinks that guacamole can be made effectively with green peas is clearly a contrarian looking for attention.
Anything that tastes good with lime juice on it would probably also taste good with cilantro.
Somebody in the room is allergic to peanuts, although we do not know who it is.
Some of us swim in the cold ocean water, and others sit on the rocky beach reading their books or attempting to tan.
Enough were present that it wouldn't have looked weird if some of them went missing.
Everyone was wondering when the pandemic would be over, but we decided to stop discussing it all the time because we kept having the same circular conversation.
Everything has changed since that fateful day in February.
Something was compelling her to open the door at the end of the hallway even though she knew that it was just a storage closet and there was likely nothing exciting inside of it. 
We knew that one was filled with jelly, but we didn't know which one out of the entire box of donuts it was. 
Less have read her debut novel, but it still sold a decent amount of copies when it first came out. 
Little has changed in the small town except for the fact that it is now illegal to skateboard faster than 5 miles per hour.
Much is expected from Melissa during the interview, but she is not sure whether or not she'll be able to activate her power of clairvoyance on demand in front of an audience.
Nobody knows how to make flan, but it can't be all that difficult.
Both were present; however, she only wanted to talk to the ghost of her great grandfather, so she decided to ignore Karl Marx's ghost entirely.
Few have ever visited Antarctica, but those who have say that it's changed their entire outlook on life. 
Fewer are acquainted with the 25-foot-tall penguins that live on the outskirts of the icy continent.
Many were shocked when the video first surfaced on the news and on social media sites, but others were not very surprised. 
Others have managed to overlook the giant Elon Musk statue in the middle of town and the worshippers that surround it day and night.
Several in the past month have tried to create a vegan substitute for chicken, but only a few have succeeded in creating something that is edible and doesn't make people sad.
More were found buried underneath the house, leading the police to believe that the cult had made a habit of burying members alive when disobeyed the leader's wishes.
Such is common amongst people who have never seen a squirrel before.
Most grow the quickest when they are placed outdoors in a patchy of sun, but the plant from which flamin' hot cheetos grow actually does best indoors in a cold, damp area. 
Nowhere has been impacted quite as hard by the virus as New York City. 
Everywhere has experienced different effects from the attack of the killer wasps.
Every child thinks that they are good at singing until someone makes fun of them for how tone-deaf they are.
None of hats in the closet are mine.
All of the highways on the East Coast are backed up with cars headed South to watch the Lunar Eclipse where it is most visible.
Nothing was the same after a random anonymous Twitter account framed the President of United States for murder.
Some houses are haunted, but others are infested with families of geese.
Each has their own bedroom, but the sisters still need to share a car.
Any type of music is better than the awful song we just heard on the radio.
None of my friends live in Seattle, but a few of them have visited the city before.
Another of my cousins has decided to start learning American Sign Language.
Anybody is capable of becoming a monk; however, few people actually make the decision to do so.
Anything sets her off—one day it might be the sound of a passing car, another day it might be because the bus took too long to come.
Somebody cares about what you think, even though it may feel like you are irrelevant.
Some people prefer crunchy peanut butter over smooth peanut butter, but I think those people are deranged.
Enough of the townspeople have been attacked by the rabid goose for the local police to realize what a pressing issue it is.
Everyone thinks that they are exempt from causing harm in the world until they do.
Everything feels like it is permanent, but one day we know that the world will go back to normal again.
Something that gives a lot of people hope is the thought of picking fresh berries in a field somewhere.
Every student in this room is going to need a permission slip in order to go on the field trip next Tuesday.
None of the birds are crows.
All of her best friends are going to the lake this weekend, so she's begging her parents to go too.
Nothing is strong enough to hold up that hanging plant.
Some of the competitors are ahead of me, but I still think I can win the race.
I think it's important to remember that each person you meet is special in his or her own way.
I don't think any of the teachers at the conference teach biology.
Another mosquito is sitting on my arm, so I'm going to go back inside before I literally get eaten alive in my own backyard.
If anybody knows how to mow a lawn, I could really use some help.
Anything has the ability to roll if you put wheels on it.
Somebody is sitting on the steps outside our house.
You know how to knit, but other people only know how to crochet, so you actually have a pretty interesting talent to share.
I think enough lemons are sitting in the basket on the table now, so we can start painting a still life of them.
Everyone on the bus is singing that awful song that never ends, so I would like nothing more than to get back to the school as soon as possible.
Everything is futile.
I know that something is able to hold up this hanging plant.
One is only able to become president after being alive for 35 years.
Less dressing goes on the salad when you're making it for Dad because he's trying to lower his cholesterol.
Little is said about his family because they are very private and secretive.
Each idea is valuable in its own way.
Nobody is allowed to leave this house tonight because you are all completely grounded.
Both are capable of dunking the basketball when standing on ladders, but only Travis can dunk the ball when standing on the ground.
Few know the answer to the most difficult question in the world.
Something is rustling in the wind, but I'm not sure if it's a tree, a ghost, or something else entirely.
Many exercise once a week, but it's rare for people to exercise every single day.
Others are known for their intelligence, kindness, wit, and bravery, but I'm just known for my god-like ability to eat over 100 hot dogs in less than a minute.
Most students have decided to take Spanish, but several have decided to take Ukrainian.
More students are capable of passing this test if they would just study.
Every duck in the pond is a different color.
Most students have decided to take Spanish, but several have decided to take Ukrainian.
Nowhere is good enough for my daughter to go to college.
Everywhere has the ability to be heaven if you have cats, candles, and cake with you!
Every single street in the world has been walked on by somebody, even if it was thousands of years ago.
None of the giraffes have any friends.
All of the children are playing in the sprinklers, but it looks like it's about to rain, so they should probably go inside.
Nothing lasts forever.
Some people like Taylor Swift, but others love Taylor Swift.
Enough is enough.
Another indie band makes it onto the Billboard top charts each month, but mine never does.
One is able to purchase many good and services when one has 1 million American dollars.
Even though it can be difficult, anyone is capable of becoming the Vice President of the United States.
Anything becomes valuable when the right person is holding it.
Some people like Taylor Swift, but others love Taylor Swift.
I think that someone is in my house, and I'm not talking about myself.
Everybody knows how to breathe, but only some people know how to eat.
Anybody becomes my friend when he or she is kind and has jello cups to share.
Everything has a purpose, but every purpose isn't important.
Something seems off about my new teacher, but I can't figure out if it's her fashion sense or her ability to walk through walls that weirds me out the most.
Everybody knows how to breathe, but only some people know how to eat.
One is able to purchase many good and services when one has 1 million American dollars.
