I feel powerful when I am running down the street at 65 miles per hour.
Usually we cook all of our meals, but once every couple of weeks we buy a pizza from the pizza parlor and eat it all in one sitting.
She reads so fast; in fact, she is able to read over three different books per day!
Even though they are international celebrities who are constantly traveling the globe, rumor has it that the couple owns a small farm in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
She runs a food blog with her sister.
We are not sure how it is happening, but authorities have recently discovered that 66% of the people who have been infected with the virus were social distancing inside of their homes.
He goes grocery shopping at least once a week, but by the end of each week our fridge is always empty.
They water their plants constantly, but the plants still look saggy and unhealthy.
As terrifying as Covid-19 is, we are confident we will find a vaccine for it.
I was shocked to find it is less than an hour’s drive from my home in Montana.
They insist on leading their own troubled lives in the face of human attempts to cast them as comedians.
They too are flocking to the park, squawking and honking and waddling around in large, unmasked groups, as people do.
It depends on what you mean by “good,” he said, dismissing unworthy definitions involving tastiness and other utilitarian ways in which wild animals might seem “good” to humans.
Scrambling for his life in the dark in a blizzard, he stumbles on a shovel and manages to pry it open.
He sits in his sleeping bag playing solitaire.
He bangs around in the dark, fetching food and fuel from his storage tunnels.
He registers the ice crawling up the inside walls of his cabin, and the drifts of snow that cover him whenever he manages to lift the hatch to peer out at the weather and tend his instruments.
We think it might be difficult to learn how to make the chocolate soufflé, even though the instructions are written out clearly in the recipe.
Experts have argued that it exacerbates depression and weakens the immune system.
They try to compost their kitchen waste, such as orange peels and eggshells, but it isn't easy to find a spot in the house where the odor of decomposition won't be too strong.
Quickly, he learns the news that Germany had announced its surrender and transmits a dispatch in the early afternoon from his hotel in Paris to the A.P.’s London bureau.
As soon as she finds out her boyfriend plans to attend the concert that evening, she pulls out her phone and purchases a ticket.
Somehow, even though you drink water constantly, you are always dehydrated.
She calls the phone number to the unemployment office every day at 9am, but she has not yet been able to get through to an actual person.
The college has very little money in its endowment, so it is suffering greatly from the coronavirus outbreak and the likelihood that it will need to switch to online learning.
Many people have been waiting to hear back for weeks about whether or not their offices will re-open, and they are not sure how to feel about all of the uncertainty.
He feels annoyed every time he hears someone use the phrase "in these unprecedented times," since the phrase has been overused in the past few weeks.
While you and your sister don't always agree on everything, you both hate when your Mom makes you disinfect the groceries.
Not only does the bike seat offer extra padding, but it also makes riders feel more comfortable when biking long distances. 
Watching several YouTube videos dedicated to explaining the topic each day, she learns about how artificial intelligence works. 
She understands that the argument actually has very little to do with her, but in the moment, it still made her feel very upset.
They are buying their mother an olive tree for mother's day.
They know that their privilege — financial, physical, professional, personal — allowed them to leave their homes, where infections were rapidly multiplying.
She has a friend in Los Angeles fulfilling pipe orders and no ticket home, since the airline she flew down doesn’t operate the route anymore.
At first, he hid from colleagues the fact that he was halfway across the globe, and set his alarm to 2 or 3 a.m. to join meetings that would have been midafternoon back in New York, but he has since come clean.
They also check in on New York friends whose practice jetés have become the bane of downstairs neighbors’ lives.
She is also not rushing to hop on a plane home.
It is the latest twist in the virus disinformation wars, which have swelled throughout the pandemic.
I load and unload the dishwasher each day, but it seems like I can never catch up with the dishes.
He is also dispatching them without national leadership — so it’s every platoon, or state, for themselves, maximizing the chances of virus spread between people who want to go shopping and those who still want to shelter in place.
We hope to go back to the office in July, but at this point, no one knows how likely that is. 
You and your sister are very close, and both of you disapprove of the way your mother treats your grandmother.
I bake a blueberry tart with lemon and sugar each Sunday.
They know that the status of their relationship depends on what will happen with the pandemic ravaging the city and surrounding areas; therefore, they have avoided any serious conversations about what it is they are doing.
He drinks too much and proceeds to try and give me advice on my love life, but I rarely listen.
I never water the plant that sits on my desk, but it is doing well regardless. 
Together they test their parents limits and roam through the Italian countryside, looking for trouble or for any form of entertainment. 
We tried to get him to stop jumping up and stealing food from the counter, but he only listens when mom talks to him in a stern tone of voice.
We watch movies together over FaceTime since we are social distancing and cannot see each other in person.
Ignoring all the facts that have constantly been presented to us through scientific studies and the news, he thinks this will all be over in a month.
I worry about my best friend's mental health because it seems like she puts more effort into playing the hit game Stardew Valley than she does anything else.
You are Santa Claus, right?
Every time he hears his favorite song, he can't help but jump up and dance around the room, even when he's in jury duty.
You are lucky you guys have a loving family.
She yodels when she's hungry, which tends to annoy the neighbors and her coworkers.
Sometimes when we talk to each other over the sound of the television, we have trouble understanding what the other person is saying.
They need an increase in funding if they're going to survive this pandemic.
I wish I knew all of the presidents and vice presidents in order like my older sister does, but it's difficult for me to memorize things without a mnemonic device.
You love the taste of marmalade even though I think it tastes like feet.
If he knows how to fly a plane, he can probably fly this helicopter to safety.
Unless she is willing to become a silent monk in the hills of Mongolia, I don't think your relationship is going to work out in the long run.
Whenever we practice volleyball together at the community center, Heather always laughs and points at us from the sidelines.
When they tell you to do something, you have to do it.
Even though there are two hundred of you, you have to all fit inside that classroom before the bell rings or you'll get detention.
I want to buy chocolate after work today.
You are only allowed to go to the factory to work with your father if you eat your broccoli and do all of your chores first.
He always puts officials under pressure to restart the economy, but many states are moving too quickly.
As the weather warms, she struggles to stay at home and refuses to wear a mask.
In addition to feeling safe around our classmates and teachers, who all tested negative, we feel like less of a risk to our grandmothers, who eat with our families every day.
In China, students face temperature checks before they enter schools, and cafeteria tables are outfitted with plastic dividers.
You hold ACT testing at the elementary school every week in the month of May, but some parents think that the tests aren't offered often enough.
I work with at least 30 of the same people every day; however, I still don't know any of their names.
You warm yourself by the campfire before going to the barbecue with the rest of your friends from the cabin.
Because of his anxiety, he feels a lump in his throat.
She is a feminist trailblazer who first arrived at stratospheric celebrity because of her husband and was perceived and analyzed largely in terms of her relationship with him.
We think that you aren't a bad person.
They dream all night long in their twin beds, waiting for Christmas morning gifts.
If you do not tell me the truth about who broke the window, you are all going to get in big trouble with your parents.
I believe that the reality star’s behavior isn’t an isolated incident and is representative of bigger issues of racism in Charleston and in the country as a whole.
We are all moving to Flavortown where nobody is mean and everything is going to be okay.
“He goes around the country to small businesses and gives them free advertising on a national platform on a weekly basis,” Torres said, “but because his hair looks like he was electrocuted while drinking Mountain Dew, people act like we need to saw his head off and put it on the internet."
You suggest recipes that are accessible, delicious, and comforting, but some of them can tumble into smugness.
They prompt at least 23 colleges and associations across the country to demand a public apology, calling it “irresponsible” and “shameful.”
I know how tough it is to try to muscle through this without any clear end date, but you do have to remember that it will end.
She walks through the door into the living room.
He highlights discrepancies by industry, saying, “some high-paying industries seem to have escaped huge increases in unemployment so far.”
You veer further and further away from the pandemic and the economy and the unemployment report.
We are not able to regain access to the account we created for our pet in 2010 unless we present a valid driver's license for our dog, Max.
She says the community guidelines around authenticity and misrepresentation were created because "people are more accountable for their statements and actions."
He works as a night guard, is a chair on the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa council, and becomes instrumental in the 1953 fight against a bill that would allow the government to abandon treaties that protected Native Americans’ rights to their land.
We love everything about this book - the writing, the characters, the story, and the importance of it.
They rely on each other for survival as they flee on the SS Winnipeg and emigrate to Chile, starting their lives over on a new continent just as World War II erupts.
They find themselves orphaned when their father dies in the middle of the night.
I know where this is all heading, but the tension and suspense has me biting my nails.
She raises questions about how Russia is counting its coronavirus deaths and suggests the actual number may be much higher.
He takes so much time getting ready in the morning.
You have to become a farmer like your father and grandfather, or you'll end up like those useless city goers down the road.
Do y'all want more mac and cheese or green bean casserole?
They say that Putin is presenting the decision to lift the nationwide lockdown as something that “will help people” and the economy.
We have reporters across five continents bringing you trustworthy stories about the impact of the economic crash.
