The herd is stampeding.
The herd are all different sizes, shapes, and colors; however, they are all hungry for human flesh.
A group of bears is called a sleuth.
Not all the group are aware that it is considered rude to ride barefoot on public transport.
A flock of birds is flying overhead.
The flock of birds are not all exactly sure how to fly in a "V" formation.
The flock of birds warn unsuspecting humans that a demonic presence might be nearby.
My family is unconventional, but we all love each other very much.
We started picking at the green beans and mashed potatoes even though his family haven't all arrived yet for dinner.
We want to institute a clothing-optional policy in the office, but the board of directors thinks it is a bad idea.
The board of directors were standing around making small talk and refilling their mugs of coffee while they waited for the meeting to resume.
The baseball team is going to eat at a nearby pizza parlor after the game.
I think we should leave, because that pride of lions is slowly moving towards us. 
It is clear that the flock of turkeys does not want to be killed and eaten on Thanksgiving.
The theater troupe is going to perform Shakespeare's Macbeth next Thursday at the community center.
The theater troupe are all planning to attend different colleges in the fall.
The assembly is deciding whether or not they would like to make it legal for citizens of Mars to drink grape soda.
The assembly have differing opinions on whether or not the man was granted a fair trial.
Today the senate is hearing a bill that will determine whether or not Americans making less than $120,000 per year will receive another $1200 stimulus check.
The senate have different opinions about the fact that they cannot wear giant purple wigs and sparkly sunglasses during official congressional hearings.
The fleet of ships is set to arrive in New York City on the 5th of June; however, it is possible that the loch ness monster will delay their arrival.
The fleet of ships are varying degrees of prepared for a potential attack by a rogue gang of pirates. 
I'm biking down the street and minding my own business when a gaggle of geese starts hissing at me because I came too close to their babies.
My circle of friends gathers every Sunday to cook dinner together.
My circle of friends have different opinions about whether or not they will vote for Joe Biden. 
That bunch of beets looks slightly larger than the one next to it.
Margaret wanted to be able to purchase her mini hand sanitizers from Bed Bath and Beyond, but a rogue gang of teenagers is currently blocking the entrance to the mall.
The gang of teenagers have different ideas of what a peaceful protest might look like. 
The cluster of bacteria and other microorganisms sits on top of my slice of bread, turning it slightly green and warning me that I should not eat it or I will get sick.
Many people think that One Direction is simply a shallow boy band, but the pop group also makes songs about important historical events such as the election of 1800.
They are driving quickly and trying their best not to draw too much attention to themselves, because they know that the mob controls this area.
The mob were arriving discreetly to the cemetery because they knew that members of the FBI would show up nearby to monitor the mob funeral.
Lately she has been so stressed that a clump of her hair falls out every time she tries to brush it.
A clump of irregular cells exists on Charlie's leg, but the doctors have determined that it is a benign tumor.
Every day they walk from their house to the lake to see a pair of swans swim peacefully at the break of dawn. 
The pair of DJs have each produced a variety of different projects over the last few years, ranging from country hits to a collection of Latvian folk songs.
The choir is deciding whether they would like to sing in English or Portuguese this year.
The choir are not all on board with meeting during a global health crisis, but some members have decided to be more cautious than others.
The swarm of Beyoncé fans is reported to have streamed her new collaboration with Megan Thee Stallion so many times on its release day that they crashed both Spotify and Apple Music.
Not all of the bees in the swarm have stingers.
Something that not a lot of people know about Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is that a crew of backup dancers dances behind her at all times.
The crew of backup dancers hold different stances on the historic Roe v. Wade decision.
The line to purchase the new Justin Bieber CD is over five miles long!
The line are not all comprised of Justin Bieber fans; however, some of them have been camping out since 2 in the morning.
The troop has been waiting for letters from their families for over four months now, but nothing has arrived yet.
Although they all generally get along with each other, the troop have different opinions about their captain.
The committee knows that it is wrong and illegal to eat an apple in public; however, they have yet to make an official statement about it.
The committee doesn't all meet at their normal Thursday time slot.
The council has an understanding that if one of its members becomes sick with the coronavirus, then all of the council members will self-isolate for 14 days.
The council have differing personal opinions about the pandemic and how seriously it should be taken; however, they all signed an agreement saying that they would not endanger the health of others.
Our company thanks you for your patronage in this difficult time.
We have company coming this afternoon, who are all very important friends of your father's, so please be on your best behavior.
The club was disbanded after an incident, in which new members had to perch in trees for three days with no food or water in order to prove their allegiance to the club.
The club have all spread out across the school to put up posters about their upcoming savory bake sale.
The wolf pack runs through the snowy woods together.
The wolf pack always all split up and run in different directions through the woods in order to surround their prey.
This litter was just born.
The litter of kittens are different colors even though their parents were both orange.
The pile of papers is on the boss's desk, but be really careful not to knock it over or else he'll probably fire you.
The pile of papers are all different, but equally important contracts with the Ukrainian government.
The incoming slew of questions was beginning to annoy me as it was coming from a single reporter who was known to hate me.
The entire slew of people are crowding into this room, and I'm pretty sure it's going to become a fire hazard very soon.
The regulatory body in charge of implementing this law is way too picky.
The congressional body all have differing opinions on the bill that is currently being debated.
Unlike all y'all, I think that the army is the most respectable group in the whole country.
Because of their extensive training, the army are very familiar with exactly how to infiltrate an enemy basecamp.
A host of questions fills my mind as the president continues rambling on about how drinking bleach can rid people of the virus.
A host of unpleasant memories all flood into my mind when I see my ex for the first time in years.
That school of fish is completely made up of clownfish.
When they put the group before their individual interests, the school of fish are all able to avoid predators.
The band meets in this room every Tuesday afternoon for practice.
The band all march in the parade in rhythm with the music they're playing.
Without the help of the police officers, that crowd was going to get out of hand.
When the main attraction takes to the stage each night, the crowd start pushing past each other to try to get a better view.
Our staff is made up of the best of the best.
Even though the staff always all have original ideas, the boss consistently decides to use his own mediocre ideas.
In the old Western movie, the Indian tribe was depicted very inaccurately.
Although it seems like they all agree on everything, the tribe all have different opinions on what to do with their land.
Without a teacher, the class is unable to meet.
The class raise their hands when the teacher asks a question about the War of 2130.
Without Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the US Congress is really just a bunch of old white guys deciding what happens to the rest of the country.
The congress all have extremely different opinions on whether Donald Trump is a good president.
The whole audience is clapping for you!
The audience are all getting up and leaving because the performance is so subpar.
The British Parliament is nothing like the American Congress.
Somebody suggested that England should just go back to the traditional monarchy of the olden days, so the parliament all have to take a stance on that issue.
While the pastor enters the back of the building, the congregation has to come in through the front doors.
The congregation are all raising their hands in praise of the almighty savior, Lindsay Lohan.
The chamber of commerce meets once each month to discuss the financial decisions of Pawnee.
Even though the chamber of commerce are all just volunteers from the community, they take their jobs very seriously.
The football team is not allowed to practice on this field anymore after the incident last summer.
The basketball team are all friends with the members of the debate club, but they aren't friends with the cheerleaders.
Which group wants to go first?
Her group are all struggling to work with one another because of the ongoing power struggle between Parker and Penny.
That gaggle of geese is especially vicious.
This gaggle of geese are all completely different colors, even though they seem to be a family.
The ant colony was completely destroyed by the evil farmer and his wife.
This colony of ants all live together in an anthill.
That horde of tourists is ruining the peace and quiet of our city.
A horde of neighbors were all filling my living room, angry at me for playing loud punk music at 3 AM every night.
