Every morning Jean wakes up and reads for two hours before work, sipping his coffee slowly.
My dog barks every time he thinks he hears the mailman approaching, but usually it is just my sister's boyfriend coming to visit in his giant green pickup truck.
The student work hard on his art project every day, but at this point I think it is unlikely that he will be awarded the artist's residency.
The secret society accepts new members once every five years; however, they made an exception and accepted her on an off-year.
Since its foundation is made out of cotton candy and wooden sticks, the old house shakes whenever the wind blows too hard.
Yeast consumes carbohydrates in sugar and flour and produces gases that allow bread to rise.
Once a month the sisters drive upstate to visit their grandmother.
The popular DJ listens to all different genres of music to provide him with inspiration.
Bees buzz outside the window, unaware of the humans going about their daily lives inside the house.
The lease expires on the first day of July, but the roommates decided to renew because they did not want to go through the trouble of moving.
Therapy helps some people work through their emotional issues; however, there is no substitute for a three hour long scuba diving session.
Because it was built on a bed of quicksand, the house sinks a few inches further into the ground each year.
Even though the journalist reads hundreds of news articles each week, he was shocked to learn that some eels are beginning to forget what human beings look like as a result of the pandemic.
Zanzibar Gems are supposedly a good desk plant to have because they are very difficult to kill.
Sometimes it feels as though time passes very quickly in quarantine, but other times it seems to pass very slowly.
An affordable apartment is difficult to find in a city like New York, but luckily, the friends were working with a very well known real estate agent who also happened to be a Canadian pop star.
The roof of the house leaks, but only when it has been raining hard for several days.
The big 50 pound Labrador Retriever obviously thinks he's still a puppy, because he's constantly trying to jump into my lap.
Many beaches in New Jersey remain closed to limit the spread of coronavirus, even as rising temperatures tempt people to spend some time outdoors.
Daffodils bloom before dogwood trees do, but not until after the forsythia bushes have already bloomed.
The article suggested that the average 16 year old girl knows all the words to every One Direction song, but my friends and I were extremely skeptical since none of us had ever even heard of the band before.
The limits come as production in the meat industry slows after widespread illnesses in slaughterhouses across the Midwest and South.
The supernatural series follows the romance between a handsome vampire, Edward Cullen, and his human (and then vampire) love interest, Bella Swan, as well as the stories of their family and friends — a circle that includes humans, vampires, werewolves and even vampire-werewolf hybrids in the Pacific Northwest.
Time is a flat circle, but this soup serves as a reminder that it is technically spring, so we should take advantage of those asparagus spears, tender leafy greens and other springy delights.
The coronavirus pandemic creates a lot of confusion, but it also may bring into focus a question many parents (or expectant parents) ask: What is the right number of kids for my family?
Young kids’ lives often revolve around seeing their friends and exploring the world, so being forced to shelter at home with their family can feel really hard.
America needs good information, from many rigorously designed studies, about the prevalence and deadliness of coronavirus infections in given subsets of people, so that governors and mayors can develop rules for social distancing and reopening that are sensible, sustainable and tailored to the situation at hand.
Despite the fact that we installed it with care, the hammock hangs slightly lopsided against the fence in my backyard.
Sarah does the dishes while her best friend Sally wraps up the leftover food and puts it in the fridge.
The negative effects of self isolation prove how important it is for humans to have regular social interactions with one another.
The subway normally runs 24 hours a day, but now, as a result of the virus, it will shut down every night from 1am to 5am so that city officials can disinfect it.
Fish chowder seems difficult to make, but it actually just requires high quality ingredients and the appropriate amount of time and attention.
The padded bike seat prevents riders from chafing or soreness after a particularly long ride.
The pandemic affects different people in different ways, but one interesting trend scientists have noticed is the fact that American households are now adopting giant octopuses as pets.
The chef writes about how cooking a large plate of lasagna with friends can be a comforting act; moreover, she discusses how making food in general can bring us together.
Ben rarely walks the 15 minutes from his apartment to mine, but when he does, he compliments the decor and helps me think of ways that I could improve the space and make it feel more like a home.
The drug works in the sense that it has helped some people recover from the disease than they would have otherwise, but officials caution against viewing it as some kind of "miracle cure."
Pothos plants hang down and grow new leaves and tendrils very easily, so they are a nice houseplant to have even for someone who often forgets to water their plants.
Employees are keen to get back to work, but epidemiologists caution that a rush to recommence business as usual could spark a second wave of fatalities, and that employers need to implement measures to prevent virus transmission among workers, or between workers and customers.
About 70 percent of offices in the United States are open plan, with people working at desks four or five feet wide and 30 inches deep, often surrounded by co-workers on three sides, and sharing common spaces like elevators, hallways, meeting rooms, kitchens, and bathrooms.
The neighborhood children write messages on the sidewalk in colorful chalk.
Employees are healthier and use fewer sick days because they have more time to exercise, cook better food, and take better care of themselves.
Larisa spreads lemon curd and cream cheese frosting in-between the layers of the cake, taking care to make sure the frosting is evenly distributed.
Merkel says Germany has made progress, as states take the lead on easing lockdowns.
Once again, philosophy offers an answer to my quest for justice.
The gold clip-on earrings make her feel powerful and confident.
Part of the desire to ease up on social distancing is surely financial.
Behavioral research also suggests that people don’t actually like to sit around and do nothing.
The Tenderloin and nearby South of Market, or SOMA, present a particular challenge for city officials.
The end is not in sight; most school districts plan to stay closed for the rest of the year, and some are even questioning whether they can reopen in the fall.
The pandemic has cut a wide swath of destruction through the economy, as restaurants, retailers and businesses of all kinds closed their doors in an effort to slow the spread of the virus.
The workers still wait to collect although lawmakers approved those payments more than a month ago.
The comic include the city's most famous landmark, the Yellow Crane Tower.
Her figure skates slide across the ice as she completes her final Olympic program.
This process allows waste to be processed into rubbers and hard plastics for use in shoe cushioning, watch wristbands, and durable wheels.
While sponsors haven't yet been announced for Global Pride, additional interest is expected to follow the announcement.
Tissues hit the ground as Becky continues her sneezing fit, throwing the Kleenex all over her freshly-washed sheets.
Bradley continues, complaining about the fact that he isn't even allowed to see his grandmother, adding that if the 87-year-old woman could survive diabetes, lupus, and the loss of half a lung to cancer, she ought to be able to survive a visit from a loved one.
Basically, identity is an illusion and accepting that lets you awaken to reality.
An inmate says official policies, like the ban on hand sanitizer, aren't always carried out.
Researchers are "reading the rocks" and the history they show on Mars to paint a picture of when the planet supported liquid water on its surface billions of years ago.
For the first time, drones are allowed to fly inside Kakadu National Park in Australia.
The annual festival officially runs from January 5 to February 25, but some attractions open to visitors before the opening ceremony, including the most popular of them all: Harbin Ice and Snow World.
Villagers also commonly adopt the practice to stretch what little wine they can afford to make.
As humans are trapped indoors by the deadly coronavirus, wildlife is taking the opportunity to fill abandoned spaces.
Conservationists hope to maximize the possibilities of this moment.
"When tourism activities pick up again, or other kinds of traffic, that will reverse the potential benefits that might have occurred," says Epps.
Whenever she takes a nap, Elodie likes to turn on the fan and snuggle under an enormous quilt.
Two rival ice cream trucks drive towards each other on the street, and kids run behind both of the trucks.
Chopping onions is Yolanda's least favorite thing to do because she hates knives and crying, both of which are involved when onions need cutting.
Homemade guacamole is prefered by Gina and her friends, but Nancy prefers store-bought salsa.
Wintour and her daughter attend a Gianni Versace fashion show in October.
Scientists brace for further emergence of the species, which begins its life cycle in spring.
With their sharp, spiked mandibles, the hornets decapitate honeybees, using the bodies to feed their young.
Honeybees are responsible for one of every three bites of food taken in the US, and increase the country's nation crop values every year by more than $15 billion, according to the US Department of Agriculture.
The researchers investigate whether they can release infected mosquitoes into the wild or use spores to suppress the disease.
Bed nets have helped cut the number of people infected with malaria around the world.
Discussions about the Premier League's return are ongoing, but Taylor says players are concerned about safety.
School science projects need to continue during lockdown, so Clementine is upgrading the school robot entry into this year's competition at Southampton University, which would have taken place today.
As spring emerges and flowers come to life, gardeners spend as much time as they can in the garden.
Located at the exact point where Switzerland, France and Germany meet, Basel straddles a bend of the Rhine.
Pioneers tell stories of a serpent in Okanagan Lake that needs a live animal sacrifice to appease it and ensure a safe passage across the water.
In the right circumstances, mountaineers get the same effects from an empty oxygen tank as a full one.
In Greece, the host treats guests with honour, with a simple dinner invitation usually translating to a feast at which the visitor’s wine glass is kept topped up by the attentive host.
Bakeries leave out baskets of bread encouraging those who couldn’t pay to help themselves.
The island has strict rules and environmental policies, some of which include yielding to ducks on the road and requiring a permit for repainting a house a new color.
The young child holds onto her mother's hand as she crosses the street, looking both ways twice before skipping across.
Lord Howe Island hugs a turquoise lagoon rimmed with the world’s southernmost coral reef.
Visitors work together as citizen scientists alongside conservationists to protect the island’s biodiversity from its mountaintops to the bottom of the Lord Howe Island Marine Park, which was established in 1999.
When an infected person coughs, they can send showers of tiny droplets, known as aerosols, filled with the virus into the air.
My allergies intensify whenever I'm around cats, dogs, or rude people.
The dishwasher hums when it's on, which always surprises my new foster cat and her litter of kittens.
My tennis racket breaks almost once a week, which makes me think that my main competitor, Elon Musk, might have something to do with the fragility of my racket.
The bananas look ripe, but Isaac is pretty sure he'll find a painfully unripe banana upon unpeeling the peel.
Woodworking is not as easy as it looks, and intricate designs on different types of wood require hard work and patience from the woodworker.
A vitamin D deficiency happens when a person stays inside for too long and doesn't eat any meat because most vitamin D comes from the sun and certain foods.
The McWane Science Center hosts an exhibit on dinosaurs every year, at which dinosaur shaped cookies are served to esteemed guests.
People are not wearing shoes as often as they normally would, so it is very common for them to forget how to tie their shoes in times of quarantine and isolation.
Without her best friend's help, Laura does not remember how to swim.
This sentence gives extra information about something, so instead of using a joining word that shows opposite or contrasting ideas, try using a joining word that gives additional information.
