Clearly, Mad Max: Fury Road is better than Beyond Thunderdome.
Frozen yogurt can sometimes be icier than icecream.
I swear, sometimes the truth is stranger than fiction sometimes.
Dylan is stronger in the humanities than STEM classes, as evident in a comparison between his world history test scores and those of his science class.
Linda, however, is the opposite; she is much stronger in math and science than English and history.
Anita has proven, however, that she's stronger than both of her siblings in a number of subjects.
It's not uncommon for the eldest sibling to be stronger in some academics than their brothers and sisters.
There are outliers of course—Ben is stronger than both of his older brothers in a number of subjects.
Tahari has deeper attachment to poetry than to short stories.
Miguel likes to read literary reviews more than novels themselves.
The boys' fencing team was much smaller than the girls' team.
More spots were available on the team than Morad was told.
Maybe the boys' team will be larger this year than last year.
On most fencing teams there are more sabre fencers than epeeists.
This is because sabre is far more popular than épée.
Sabre is more popular because it is much faster-paced than épée.
Star Wars is a bigger franchise than Star Trek, even though the latter has been around longer.
Star Wars is more popular than Star Trek because it appeals to more viewes.
Star Trek is slower and more cerebral than Star Wars.
Star Trek focuses on politics and many people think it's less kid-friendly than Star Wars.
Star Wars follows the "Hero's Journey" structure, and is less likely to include real-world problems than Star Trek.
Gender seems to play a role as well— Star Wars has managed to reach more female fans than Star Trek.
Star Trek is also more likely to be subject to parody than Star Wars.
However, Star Wars is less likely to be subject to academic study than Star Trek.
One pop culture analyst believes that Americans favor stories about a fight against government than those about governing wisely.
It's easier for American audiences to identify an evil leader, such as Darth Vader, than a good one, like Captain Picard.
Personally, I like a story that is a fusion of the two big themes more than either single theme.
That is why I tend to read stories like Dune rather than Lord of the Rings.
The former is a look at a rise to power and potential misuse of it, rather than just a fight against those who are abusing it.
I think that makes the story of Dune more interesting than that of Lord of the Rings.
Mr. Vinyl tends to like rap music more than rock.
Mr. Vinyl explained that rap has greater range of lyrical topics than rock, which he dismissed as being mostly being written "on a whim." 
Mr. Vinyl seemed to be a greater authority on music than Mr. de Martino, because Mr. de Martino only ever listened to "sad mountain guy" stuff prior to the year the two teachers met.
After hanging out with Mr. Vinyl, Mr. de Martino's musical tastes varied more than they had earlier in his life.
In fact, Mr. de Martino is less likely to listen to "sad mountain guy" music now than he was in the past.
2020 has proven to be a more turbulent year than 2019, which is surprising.
In the span of five months, the world has endured more chaos than in recent history.
As of 2020, there are fewer than 1 million payphones in the United States.
More citizens are using cellphones than ever before.
For many people, cellphones have a wider variety of uses than even their computers.
A greater number of people use cellphones for email communication than those who use laptops.
While many mobile apps are available for laptops, fewer people use these apps than their cellphone counterparts.
Fewer than one thousand people speak Seke, a language from Nepal.
A language is considered to be endangered if fewer than 10,000 speakers exist globally.
More than 10,000 speakers of a language takes the language out of "in peril" status.
William Friedkin's 'Sorcerer' had far less success than his earlier works.
It seemed that viewers had more interest in a supernatural or science-fiction adventure than a gritty story about expats hiding in Latin America.
Debuting as audiences were still returning to packed theaters for repeat viewings of “Star Wars,” “Sorcerer” would go on to earn less than half of its total estimated budget (rentals included) and sink like a stone.
Recently, the film has undergone something of a revival with critics giving it stronger reviews than they did in 1977.
Personally, I think 'Sorcerer' is a smarter film than 'Star Wars.'
More than that, the story of a team of misfits transporting a truck full of nitroglycerin through the South American jungle is gripping, innovative and thrilling visually and narratively in a way few movies have been before or since. 
The original film that it's based on 'The Wages of Fear' has better pacing, however, than its remake.
The Wages of Fear' was better recieved too, than 'Sorcerer.'
It seems like 'Sorcer' is more likely to be deemed a "forgotten classic" than successful remake.
Apparently, Roy Scheider was less cooperative than his costars, and clashed with Freidkin on set.
He was certainly a bigger name than his costars to American audiences.
Scheider was more of a household name after the release of 'Jaws' than before it.
Fewer than three million people stayed on Earth after the oceans dried up.
When the oceans dried it became harder to find food than fuel.
Because fuel was plentiful but food was not, people thought it was smarter to leave Earth than to stay.
More than 15 million ships departed Earth at the same time.
Some stopped as close as the moon, but many others moved farther than that.
Travelling beyond the confines of our solar sytem, the trip lasted much longer than expected.
When they finally arrived at their new destination, the space colonists found the new planet to be smaller than Earth.
However, the space colonists thought making a home of a new planet—even a crowded one— was wiser than to stay on a planet that couldn't sustain life.
Back on Earth, some people tried to maintain normal behaviors and, more than that, social and political structures.
Smaller and less powerful than the UN, the RN (Remaining Nations) struggled to preserve the way of life people knew before the great drying of the oceans.
With fewer resources than their pre-dry ocean counterparts, the RN had to get creative.
With a new abundence of fuel from the ocean floor, the RN Sustainibility Committee was suprised to learn that more people could have energy for their homes than expected.
The RN Sustainibility Committee gave individual families enough energy to produce their own food, which proved to be a more sensible choice than trying to start farms on the dry ocean floor.
With enough fuel and food, people who stayed on Earth ended up having an easier time surviving than the space colonists.
The space colonists fought with one another on their new planet because there were fewer resources than they'd initial thought.
More often than not, space colonist children left their families to start space gangs. 
No space gang was more notorious than the Zero-G Boiz.
They liked shuttling into space more than living in crowded colonies on the new planet.
On Earth, the Lazer Ladies found themselves at greater odds with the RN than the Zero-G Boiz were with the space colonial governing bodies.
The Lazer Ladies thought that the RN was providing some families more energy than others.
They were right— the RN gave some households less than a year's worth of energy.
Other families recieved more than three year's worth, and extra energy if they had more children.
Cottage industries emerged because the dry ocean floor was better suited to small building spaces than large factories.
Sharkskin was more popular than ever, given that it could be harvested easily now.
On the new planet, large factories provided more jobs than small businesses.
This is because the space colonists found that it was easier to add sleeping quarters to large spaces than small ones.
Workers found themselves to be more productive with sleeping quarters than without them because they could take longer breaks.
History will tell us if humans had more success or failure than expected in adjusting to life after the oceans dried up.
I'm trying to drink less coffee than I have in the past.
My dentist thinks that I am more susceptible to cavities than my sister, who doesn't drink coffee.
With less coffee in my diet it is harder to get my brain moving in the morning than it was when I would drink an entire pot a day.
Oddly, some teas have a higher amount of caffeine than coffee in every cup.
Still, there are a greater number of coffee drinkers who suffer from dental issues than tea drinkers who do.
In my case, I have to decide if dental health is a higher priority than daily mental alertness.
A brain costs less to train than teeth to replace, after all.
Sharlene thought her new roommate was friendlier than her old one, a guy named Gus.
Gus was a better cook than the new roommate, but had other issues that bothered Sharlene.
Gus was more critical than Sharlene, and often voiced his criticisms as if he ran a podcast.
In fact, Gus voiced these criticisms louder and more frequently than Sharlene would have liked.
Sharlene was happier now, with the new roommate, than before.
Gus is crankier than ever, in his new studio apartment. 
Gus is also a lot lonelier than before, because he liked voicing his critcisms to someone.
It seems like Gus misses Sharlene more than she does him.
