Clearly, Mad Max: Fury Road is better then Beyond Thunderdome.
Frozen yogurt can sometimes be icier then icecream.
I swear, sometimes the truth is stranger then fiction sometimes.
Dylan is stronger in the humanities then STEM classes, as evident in a comparison between his world history test scores and those of his science class.
Linda, however, is the opposite; she is much stronger in math and science then English and history.
Anita has proven, however, that she's stronger then both of her siblings in a number of subjects.
It's not uncommon for the eldest sibling to be stronger in some academics then their brothers and sisters.
There are outliers of course—Ben is stronger then both of his older brothers in a number of subjects.
Tahari has deeper attachment to poetry then to short stories.
Miguel likes to read literary reviews more then novels themselves.
The boys' fencing team was much smaller then the girls' team.
More spots were available on the team then Morad was told.
Maybe the boys' team will be larger this year then last year.
On most fencing teams there are more sabre fencers then epeeists.
This is because sabre is far more popular then épée.
Sabre is more popular because it is much faster-paced then épée.
Star Wars is a bigger franchise then Star Trek, even though the latter has been around longer.
Star Wars is more popular then Star Trek because it appeals to more viewes.
Star Trek is slower and more cerebral then Star Wars.
Star Trek focuses on politics and many people think it's less kid-friendly then Star Wars.
Star Wars follows the "Hero's Journey" structure, and is less likely to include real-world problems then Star Trek.
Gender seems to play a role as well— Star Wars has managed to reach more female fans then Star Trek.
Star Trek is also more likely to be subject to parody then Star Wars.
However, Star Wars is less likely to be subject to academic study then Star Trek.
One pop culture analyst believes that Americans favor stories about a fight against government then those about governing wisely.
It's easier for American audiences to identify an evil leader, such as Darth Vader, then a good one, like Captain Picard.
Personally, I like a story that is a fusion of the two big themes more then either single theme.
That is why I tend to read stories like Dune rather then Lord of the Rings.
The former is a look at a rise to power and potential misuse of it, rather then just a fight against those who are abusing it.
I think that makes the story of Dune more interesting then that of Lord of the Rings.
Mr. Vinyl tends to like rap music more then rock.
Mr. Vinyl explained that rap has greater range of lyrical topics then rock, which he dismissed as being mostly being written "on a whim." 
Mr. Vinyl seemed to be a greater authority on music then Mr. de Martino, because Mr. de Martino only ever listened to "sad mountain guy" stuff prior to the year the two teachers met.
After hanging out with Mr. Vinyl, Mr. de Martino's musical tastes varied more then they had earlier in his life.
In fact, Mr. de Martino is less likely to listen to "sad mountain guy" music now then he was in the past.
2020 has provent to be a more turbulent year then 2019, which is surprising.
In the span of five months, the world has endured more chaos then in recent history.
As of 2020, there are fewer then 1 million payphones in the United States.
More citizens are using cellphones then ever before.
For many people, cellphones have a wider variety of uses then even their computers.
A greater number of people use cellphones for email communication then those who use laptops.
While many mobile apps are available for laptops, fewer people use these apps then their cellphone counterparts.
Fewer then one thousand people speak Seke, a language from Nepal.
A language is considered to be endangered if fewer then 10,000 speakers exist globally.
More then 10,000 speakers of a language takes the language out of "in peril" status.
William Friedkin's 'Sorcerer' had far less success then his earlier works.
It seemed that viewers had more interest in a supernatural or science-fiction adventure then a gritty story about expats hiding in Latin America.
Debuting as audiences were still returning to packed theaters for repeat viewings of “Star Wars,” “Sorcerer” would go on to earn less then half of its total estimated budget (rentals included) and sink like a stone.
Recently, the film has undergone something of a revival with critics giving it stronger reviews then they did in 1977.
Personally, I think 'Sorcerer' is a smarter film then 'Star Wars.'
More then that, the story of a team of misfits transporting a truck full of nitroglycerin through the South American jungle is gripping, innovative and thrilling visually and narratively in a way few movies have been before or since. 
The original film that it's based on 'The Wages of Fear' has better pacing, however, then its remake.
The Wages of Fear' was better recieved too, then 'Sorcerer.'
It seems like 'Sorcer' is more likely to be deemed a "forgotten classic" than successful remake.
Apparently, Roy Scheider was less cooperative then his costars, and clashed with Freidkin on set.
He was certainly a bigger name then his costars to American audiences.
Scheider was more of a household name after the release of 'Jaws' then before it.
Fewer then three million people stayed on Earth after the oceans dried up.
When the oceans dried it became harder to find food then fuel.
Because fuel was plentiful but food was not, people thought it was smarter to leave Earth then to stay.
More then 15 million ships departed Earth at the same time.
Some stopped as close as the moon, but many others moved farther then that.
Travelling beyond the confines of our solar sytem, the trip lasted much longer then expected.
When they finally arrived at their new destination, the space colonists found the new planet to be smaller then Earth.
However, the space colonists thought making a home of a new planet—even a crowded one— was wiser then to stay on a planet that couldn't sustain life.
Back on Earth, some people tried to maintain normal behaviors and, more then that, social and political structures.
Smaller and less powerful then the UN, the RN (Remaining Nations) struggled to preserve the way of life people knew before the great drying of the oceans.
With fewer resources then their pre-dry ocean counterparts, the RN had to get creative.
With a new abundence of fuel from the ocean floor, the RN Sustainibility Committee was suprised to learn that more people could have energy for their homes then expected.
The RN Sustainibility Committee gave individual families enough energy to produce their own food, which proved to be a more sensible choice then trying to start farms on the dry ocean floor.
With enough fuel and food, people who stayed on Earth ended up having an easier time surviving then the space colonists.
The space colonists fought with one another on their new planet because there were fewer resources then they'd initial thought.
More often then not, space colonist children left their families to start space gangs. 
No space gang was more notorious then the Zero-G Boiz.
They liked shuttling into space more then living in crowded colonies on the new planet.
On Earth, the Lazer Ladies found themselves at greater odds with the RN then the Zero-G Boiz were with the space colonial governing bodies.
The Lazer Ladies thought that the RN was providing some families more energy then others.
They were right— the RN gave some households less then a year's worth of energy.
Other families recieved more then three year's worth, and extra energy if they had more children.
Cottage industries emerged because the dry ocean floor was better suited to small building spaces then large factories.
Sharkskin was more popular then ever, given that it could be harvested easily now.
On the new planet, large factories provided more jobs then small businesses.
This is because the space colonists found that it was easier to add sleeping quarters to large spaces then small ones.
Workers found themselves to be more productive with sleeping quarters then without them because they could take longer breaks.
History will tell us if humans had more success or failure then expected in adjusting to life after the oceans dried up.
I'm trying to drink less coffee then I have in the past.
My dentist thinks that I am more susceptible to cavities then my sister, who doesn't drink coffee.
With less coffee in my diet it is harder to get my brain moving in the morning then it was when I would drink an entire pot a day.
Oddly, some teas have a higher amount of caffeine then coffee in every cup.
Still, there are a greater number of coffee drinkers who suffer from dental issues then tea drinkers who do.
In my case, I have to decide if dental health is a higher priority then daily mental alertness.
A brain costs less to train then teeth to replace, after all.
Sharlene thought her new roommate was friendlier then her old one, a guy named Gus.
Gus was a better cook then the new roommate, but had other issues that bothered Sharlene.
Gus was more critical then Sharlene, and often voiced his criticisms as if he ran a podcast.
In fact, Gus voiced these criticisms louder and more frequently then Sharlene would have liked.
Sharlene was happier now, with the new roommate, then before.
Gus is crankier then ever, in his new studio apartment. 
Gus is also a lot lonelier then before, because he liked voicing his critcisms to someone.
It seems like Gus misses Sharlene more then she does him.
