Linda was one of many women who applied for the coaching job.
Mia and Dahana are the names of the women being interviewed on TV.
Aileen, Amarylisse, and Joselyn were the women who opened the new pizzaria.
Melanie welcomed the other women to the support group.
Were there more women or men on the company softball team?
Why did the women complain about the new work hours?
Who were the women at the door?
Tricia waited with the other women for the meeting to start.
"I need more women!" shouted the military commander, aware that there was overrepresentation of men in his battalion.
Did the women get the same notification as the men?
Gabriella, Jada, and Charlie asked if other women had taken the survey; they felt like they were the only ones.
Charmaine was the first of many women to become vegetarian after reading an article in Her Health that described the dangers of heavy meat consumption.
How many more women have to do something awful before the rest change their behaviors in Hollywood?
It wasn't until 1920 that women could vote.
After 1920, it wasn't just men who could vote; women could vote as well.
Tricia asked her teacher, "Where do women sign up for extra-curricular activities?"
Justine, Tanya, and Delilah were the only women who showed up to the coat drive; every other volunteer was male.
Giana wasn't sure where to find the women she worked with at the big event; she felt utterly alone.
Gabriella soon realized that what she thought was a photography class for women was actually a sculpture class for men.
When Laurence sat down for class, he realized that he was the only man; all of his classmates were women.
Officer Molinari asked the robbery suspect, "Who were the women who put you up to this?" knowing that young woman did not act on her own.
"Officer," said the suspect calmly, "there were no women who put me up to this. I acted on my own."
"Women, follow me into battle, and you shall be rewarded," said the cowardly commander from the safety of his bunker.
The women at the site of the robbery were just going about their daily business; they commited no crime.
The women will follow me to the ends of the earth; they are loyal to their leader.
The cult leader lost the support of his female followers; all of the women doubted his ideology when they saw that it endangered children.
Some women want to be pilots, but others want to be engineers who design the airplanes.
All the women who attended that protest were angry that they couldn't get haircuts.
To those women, haircuts mattered more than public health.
Some of those women marched at the haircut protest, even if they shaved their heads.
"I have just as much a right to a haircut as those women who have longer hair," said one woman.
The reporter covering the story was in shock; she'd never seen so many crazy women.
"I'll gather all the women and men in the fire department immediately!" exclaimed the fire chief.
Hidden Figures' is about the major role that  African American women had in NASA's success.
Although they are called the X-Men, the superhero team has men, women, and non-binary individuals.
A lot of women were happy that the new 'Mad Max' movie had a female lead, but men went crazy on Reddit.
Fortunately, the men on Reddit did not win; most people lauded the movie and its depiction of strong women.
Sadly, many men go to Reddit to rant about other women-centered remakes of movies from their childhood.
Don't these men know better than to rant online about women getting represented on-screen?
The Reddit rants revealed that these men were insecure sexists, and soon women made parodies of their tirades. 
women also made videoes that satirized the actions of these men.
Several women gained millions of followers and an endorsement from Barack Obama, whereas the Reddit men faded into obscurity.
The aliens exclaimed, "We are not women from Mars! We are women from a planet outside of your solar system!"
The scientist was surprised that the aliens identified as a group of women because he assumed that the extraterrestrials did not use human gender identifiers.
"Is your planet filled with women, or is there another gender as well?" asked the scientist.
"No, only women reside on our planet, so you won't hear a Joe Rogan podcast there."
"Women don't really like his podcast," said the scientist, feeling that the aliens' leader provided sound evidence of femal-only planet.
"We are women, so of course we prefer other podcasts," said the aliens' leader.
Joe Rogan was sad to hear the news about the aliens because he hoped that his listenership would expand beyond to women.
Rumor has it that men aren't his only listeners, but I doubt that women from the stars listen to him.
