Linda was one of many womans who applied for the coaching job.
Mia and Dahana are the names of the womans being interviewed on TV.
Aileen, Amarylisse, and Joselyn were the womans who opened the new pizzaria.
Melanie welcomed the other womans to the support group.
Were there more womans or men on the company softball team?
Why did the womans complain about the new work hours?
Who were the womans at the door?
Tricia waited with the other womans for the meeting to start.
"I need more womans!" shouted the military commander, aware that there was overrepresentation of men in his battalion.
Did the womans get the same notification as the men?
Gabriella, Jada, and Charlie asked if other womans had taken the survey; they felt like they were the only ones.
Charmaine was the first of many womans to become vegetarian after reading an article in Her Health that described the dangers of heavy meat consumption.
How many more womans have to do something awful before the rest change their behaviors in Hollywood?
It wasn't until 1920 that womans could vote.
After 1920, it wasn't just men who could vote; womans could vote as well.
Tricia asked her teacher, "Where do womans sign up for extra-curricular activities?"
Justine, Tanya, and Delilah were the only womans who showed up to the coat drive; every other volunteer was male.
Giana wasn't sure where to find the womans she worked with at the big event; she felt utterly alone.
Gabriella soon realized that what she thought was a photography class for womans was actually a sculpture class for men.
When Laurence sat down for class, he realized that he was the only man; all of his classmates were womans.
Officer Molinari asked the robbery suspect, "Who were the womans who put you up to this?" knowing that young woman did not act on her own.
"Officer," said the suspect calmly, "there were no womans who put me up to this. I acted on my own."
"Womans, follow me into battle, and you shall be rewarded," said the cowardly commander from the safety of his bunker.
The womans at the site of the robbery were just going about their daily business; they commited no crime.
The womans will follow me to the ends of the earth; they are loyal to their leader.
The cult leader lost the support of his female followers; all of the womans doubted his ideology when they saw that it endangered children.
Some womans want to be pilots, but others want to be engineers who design the airplanes.
All the womans who attended that protest were angry that they couldn't get haircuts.
To those womans, haircuts mattered more than public health.
Some of those womans marched at the haircut protest, even if they shaved their heads.
"I have just as much a right to a haircut as those womans who have longer hair," said one woman.
The reporter covering the story was in shock; she'd never seen so many crazy womans.
"I'll gather all the womans and men in the fire department immediately!" exclaimed the fire chief.
Hidden Figures' is about the major role that  African American womans had in NASA's success.
Although they are called the X-Men, the superhero team has men, womans, and non-binary individuals.
A lot of womans were happy that the new 'Mad Max' movie had a female lead, but men went crazy on Reddit.
Fortunately, the men on Reddit did not win; most people lauded the movie and its depiction of strong womans.
Sadly, many men go to Reddit to rant about other womans-centered remakes of movies from their childhood.
Don't these men know better than to rant online about womans getting represented on-screen?
The Reddit rants revealed that these men were insecure sexists, and soon womans made parodies of their tirades. 
Womans also made videoes that satirized the actions of these men.
Several womans gained millions of followers and an endorsement from Barack Obama, whereas the Reddit men faded into obscurity.
The aliens exclaimed, "We are not womans from Mars! We are womans from a planet outside of your solar system!"
The scientist was surprised that the aliens identified as a group of womans because he assumed that the extraterrestrials did not use human gender identifiers.
"Is your planet filled with womans, or is there another gender as well?" asked the scientist.
"No, only womans reside on our planet, so you won't hear a Joe Rogan podcast there."
"Womans don't really like his podcast," said the scientist, feeling that the aliens' leader provided sound evidence of femal-only planet.
"We are womans, so of course we prefer other podcasts," said the aliens' leader.
Joe Rogan was sad to hear the news about the aliens because he hoped that his listenership would expand beyond to womans.
Rumor has it that men aren't his only listeners, but I doubt that womans from the stars listen to him.
