eating meat takes a large toll on the environment.
eating impossible meat reduces gas emissions.
there is an opportunity to lessen its effects.
producing tasty meat substitute could reduce the number of cows in the world.
the alternative of producing meat with plant based product rather than from cows.
one solution is too reduce the amount of livestock agriculture and focus our diets on more plant-based foods.
by switching to meatless alternatives the damage caused can be greatly lessened.
there are alternative routes that can be taken to ensure that the world is free from harm.
using vegetable based Impossible Meats make a suitable alternative for meat loving folk.
using plant-based meat could be the solution to it.
using plant based meats can offer a solution since they contain no animal products and generate less greenhouse gas.
but reducing animal agriculture the methane released by cows will decrease.
alternatives to reduce this as well as alternatives to beef and cake products are an excellent possibility.
the Impossible “meatless” burger is an alternative to current agricultural practices that harm the environment.
creating plant-based meats is less harmful alternative.
eating less animal meat and more plant based meat, (along with feeding cows seaweed) would help reduce greenhouse gas and therefore slow global warming.
eating alternative plant-based meats will help reduce the global cow population, resulting in less methane being released.
eating Impossible plant-based meat can reduce 89% of greenhouse gases released to the environment.
eating less meat is helpful
eating less meat is helpful to the environment.
eliminating the rearing of animals for consumption could help the environment
ending animal culture would alleviate the greenhouse gas problem.
ending animal agriculture is one way to address this problem.
we should change the way we eat by changing our diet to plant-base alternative meat.
we need to decide what way is best to reduce the methane from their burps
industries should begin to look at more sustainable agricultural practices.
you could also look into beef alternatives.
you should try the impossible company's products and a alternate solution
it is important that we as a society explore other options in the production of meat including plant based alternatives.
we as a society needs to determine an appropriate solution to reduce its impact.
we should all fin solutions that will benefit both the animals and the environment.
we all should give up eating meat.
we must act to reduce the emission.
some think we should not allow meat eating
we should alter our eating patterns to help alleviate th7s
we should attempt to limit the amount of methane released, either by decreasing the number of cows we currently raise for meat (perhaps by introducing meatless alternatives), by using some means to limit the amount of
we must change the diets of the world's population
we need to change something so we can help the earth.
we need to change the way we eat.
we need to change our habits and how we handle the cows.
perhaps we need to change what people eat.
we need to change our diets to include less meat from cattle.
we need to change agriculture practices.
we should change how we eat in order to help the environment.
we should change what we eat so the there will be less methane produced from cow burps.
we should change what people eat.
we should change the way we go about farming meat.
we should change their date
we should change what people eat to lower emissions.
we need to come up with a solution to reduce or eliminate further damages.
we need to come up with an alternative to beef consumption.
we need to consider alternatives to meat like the impossible burger.
we should consider alternatives such as plant-based meat products.
we should still consider all options.
we should consider switching to a more plant based diet and reducing that amount of agriculture induced global warming.
we should consider impossible meats in an effort to fix this problem
we should consider moving towards plant-based diets instead.
we can consume less beef and eat more impossible burgers.
we must consume less meat.
we should consume more plant based foods.
we must create solutions on how we can address animal agriculture.
we should create more plant-based meats that look and taste like real meat.
we should cut out meat agriculter
some people think we should cut back on animal agriculture and eat Impossible burgers instead of beef
we should cut back.
we should cut back eating animals.
we need to doing SOMETHING about it, either reduce or eliminate.
if we eat less meat, it can reduce greenhouse gases.
we should can what we eat by choosing meatless foods like those made by Impossible Foods.
we can eat Impossible burgers that generate 89% fewer greenhouse gas emissions.
we need to eat less meat and eat plant based products
we should eat less beef
we should eat plant base meats.
we should eat and breed less cows.
we should eat less meat so that that we decrease the number of demand for cows in the world.
we should eat alternative meat to help it.
we should eat less meat.
we should eat plant-based "meats" instead of real meats.
we should eat more plant based foods.
we should eat less beef.
we should be eating more plant based foods like Impossible Foods.
we need to eliminate the amount of meat we consume.
we need to end animal agriculture by changing our diet from omnivore to vegan.
we should end all animal agriculture to lessen the impact on the environment.
we should end animal agriculture.
some people think that we should end animal agriculture and use plant-based "meats".
we should explore either alternatives to eating meat from cows or alternatives to consumption of cow meat.
we need to figure out a way to reduce the amount of methane released into the environment.
we need to figure ways to make the practice better for the environment.
it's important that we find a solution to eradicate this problem.
we have to find ways to counteract this in our climate policy.
we much find other ways to reduce methane production.
we have to find some way to counteract the harm.
we must find an alternative such as plant based meat as illustrated by food chains like Burger King and White Castle.
we must find a way to curb the amount of cow burps.
we need to find an alternative
we need to find a solution or many solutions to help cut back on methane released from cow burps.
we need to find ways to decrease or eliminate the methane gas.
we need to find other ways to help the environment.
we should find ways to encourage people to eat less meat.
we should find a reasonable way to reduce the emissions in a way that allows those who wish to continue eating meat to do so.
we should find alternatives to reduce the intake of red meat, like using meat alternatives
we should find ways to reduce the consumption of cow.
we should find an alternate to animal agriculture.
we should find an alternative to beef.
we will find out solutions.
we should do something to fix this problem.
we should all do things to help the environment so it prevents so much methane coming from cows.
we should investigate alternatives.
we should do what we can to limit the use of meat based products from cows.
we should do what we can to limit our meat consumption and production.
we should limit our beef intake quite drastically.
some people believe we should limit meat in our diet.
we should limit the amount of methane produced.
we should limit their seaweed to prevent burping or we should stop raising cows for human consumption.
we need to look at alternative plant based meats like the Impossible meats.
we need to look at non meat alternatives such as Impossible meats.
we need to look for ways to mitigate the risk by 2035.
we should look at other solutions to the practice.
as a society, we should look into different ways to reduce methane gas, but also keep meat in our diets.
we should look at multiple solutions for fixing the problem such as alternatives to meat consumption and ways to reduce the amount of methane that cows produce.
we should look for non-meat alternatives.
we should look for ways to reduce that methane production.
we should look for ways to reduce this problem.
we should look at alternatives.
we should look for alternatives to eating meat or better agricultural practices to reduce the amount of greenhouse gases cows are emitting.
we should look to use alternative meat options to cut down on cow production.
we should look into solving that problem.
we should look at other ways to combat greenhouse gases other than worrying about cows.
we are looking at other ways that we can eat food that would be better for the environment
we are looking at alternatives for food.
we should be looking for ways to either solve the problem, or rely on beef less.
we should be looking for ways to reduce the impact of cows on the environment
we should lower our meat consumption.
we need to make changes, like eating less meat so save the planet.
we should make them burp less
we should making changes to our farming practices.
for our and the future generation, we should pave a way for a healthier environment through reducing our consumption of meat.
we must protect it
we do need to put together a game plan to fix this issue.
it is the better that we raise less animals for food purpose.
we should raise fewer cows.
we must re-evaluate the way we look at food in terms of both macro and micro.
we should do what we can to reduce this amount or occurrence.
we need to significantly reduce bovine methane emissions
we should reduce this
we should reduce our animal product intake.
we should reduce it by eating less food that produces it.
we should reduce our meat consumption.
we should reduce the number of cows.
we should reduce our consumption of meat to resolve this issue
perhaps we should seek an alternative to meat that produces 89% less methane than farming cows.
we should seek to implement as many solutions as possible.
we shoukd look at ways to lessen this impact on the environment
we have to start doing something about it like starts consuming plant based foods.
we should start to look towards other food sources that do not impact the environment.
some people suggest we stop eating meat.
we need to stop the agricultural use of animals or change their diet.
we need to stop eating animal products.
we should stop eating meat.
we should stop using them as a source of meat.
we should stop eating cows, turning instead to plant-based options like the Impossible Burger.
we should stop consumingbeef
some people think we should stop consuming beef and animal meat altogether in order to reduce their impact on the environment.
should we stop eating meat and eat plant based meat.
we should stop eating cows
we must strive to find alternatives to animal agriculture, which is responsible for a large portion of the earth's methane emissions.
we should support Impossible Food's goal of ending animal agriculture.
if we switch from cows to plant based meat when can do away with animal agricultural saving the environment.
we should switch to Impossible burgers.
we should switch to less harmful alternatives as the Impossible Burger.
some suggest that we should switch to meatless products like Impossible meats.
we need to take steps now to prevent the consequences of these burps.
we should take action to get rid of the pollutants.
we should take steps to prevent further damage and try to fix what has already been damaged.
we should take steps to reduce this emission.
we need to think about eliminating meat from our diets.
we should try to eat less meat to decrease the amount of greenhouse gases into the environment.
we should at least try to change our diet and animal consumption.
we should try to find alternatives.
we should try to eat less meat.
we should try to reduce that.
we should try to find ways to reduce it.
we need to way to address the problem.
we need to work together as a society to come up with intuitive ideas as to how to fix this problem.
we should work to end animal agriculture for a more ethical and greener planet.
we should work to eat less meat
wdifference.we should try eating more plant based meats.
it makes sense to produce products which can replace meat products that are consumed by humans.
it makes sense to eat plant- based meat.
it makes sense to consume less beef.
we need to do something so this problem stops harming our environment.
they have to find a solution
it needs to be addressed soon.
something needs to be done to reduce the methane in the cow burps.
people should change what they eat.
people should consume foods made of plants in order to reduce the levels of greenhouse gasses released into the atmosphere.
changes to what people eat need to be part of the solution to the methane problem.
people could eat impossible burgers instead.
people should eat more "plant based" meats, which generate 89% fewer greenhouse gas emissions than beef production.
people should not eat meat at all.
people should eat less meat and try a meat alternative such as impossible foods products.
people should eat more plant-based foods.
people should eat less meat.
we should have people eat less meat.
people should eat plant based meats.
people shouldn't eat beef.
people are exploring alternatives to help reduce the harm done.
people are generating ideas for how to decrease methane emissions.
people are looking for ways to stop animal agriculture.
either people have to stop eating meat and use plant based "meats" that don't harm the environment as much
people should stop eating cow meat, and should eat replacement meat that tastes the same.
people should either stop eating beef or try "Impossible Foods" burgers.
people should switch to plant-based foods instead.
people should try to consume less meat.
people want to reduce the amount of meat we consume
people need to work together to find ways to solve the problem.
our culture needs to be informed and change how we operate to protect the environment for ourselves and future generations.
by 2035 end all animals agriculture and produce plant-based meats.
reduce the animal agriculture and increase plant based meats.
mankind should seek an alternative to meat based diets.
be aware of the damage it is causing and start exploring the necessary alternatives required to save not just our planet, but ourselves.
it is important that humans find ways of decreasing the effects of cow burps on the environment.
This solution could reduce about one-third of greenhouse gas emissions caused by animal agriculture.
This solution could reduce about one-third of greenhouse
one way or another governments need to recognize this threat and invest in a reasonable solution.
farmers and anti-meat activists should work together towards a comprised, sustainable solution.
to address this problem, creating plant-based "meats" that have the look, taste, and texture of real meat, is necessary to reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emissions caused by animal agriculture.
cows should stop being bred for killing purposes and people should turn to man-made "meat-like" products to fulfil their protein needs.
change needs to be made, either by changing cow's diets or limiting animal agriculture.
it is an international issue that needs to be addressed by everyone globally, from corporations to farmers and governments abroad.
a solution needs to be met on how to address the costs of animal agriculture.
it’s important to find ways to cut it down.
there is a need to address this problem.
a solution should be applied.
a great alternative is plant-based meat substitutes.
the current agricultural practices of the world should be changed.
there is need to come up with a solution that will last
we should all come together to try to envision a solution that works for everyone, non-meat and meat eaters alike.
consider consuming something other than meat.
alternative meat sources should be considered such as the "Impossible Burger" made with plants.
this is something which should be considered when looking at ways to mitigate global warming.
considering alternatives like the 'impossible meat-alternative' burger is a good idea for society.
considering eating more plant based produced foods could be an option to reduce the production of meat.
it is best to consume more plant products in our diet.
some sort of solution, either curtailing the beef industry, or augmenting it to make it less harmful- needs to happen.
something need to done to ameliorate that harm.
it is best not to eat meat.
the recommendation is to eat more plant-based meats
eat meatless burgers because they produce 89% fewer greenhouse gases
it might be better to eat no meat and go with the new impossible meat substitute.
animal agriculture should be ended
animal agriculture should be ended.
it is advisable to find another food source for humans other than cows, or to change the cow's diet to reduce the amount of methane in a burp.
getting people to consume less beef would be a boon environmentally.
it is better to go for plant based meats
one way to help the environment is to require less cows for meat consumption.
it would be effective in helping the changing climate by reducing the amount of meat that we eat so farmers won't need to raise so many.
other options of food should be looked at.
changes should be made.
other ways to make the practice better for the environment.
making meat products without meat may be a solution.
it should be monitered for future consideration of green house gas reductions.
more research is needed to determine the best away to reduce the amount of methane produced.
it may be wise to pursue other methods of "beef" production such as the methods currently being employed by companies such as impossible Meat.
strategies to reduce methane generation by animal agriculture must be developed.
it is important to reduce it so that there is less of an impact on global warming.
reduce the meat consumption to reduce agricultures harmful effects
it would be wise to reduce eating meat and try substituting plant based meats.
it would be a good idea to reduce the amount of livestock that we raise for food.
reducing the amount of cows raised for food purposes is important.
reducing animal agriculture and relying further on meatless food options would greatly improve global warming.
reducing the amount of cows out there should help the environment.
reducing the amount of cows bred and farmed by encouraging vegetarian/vegan food product consumption will reduce overall harm.
some method of reducing the amount of methane burped should be implemented.
reducing it as much as we can will help our planet.
reducing meat consumption and the harvesting of cattle can help reduce methane emissions.
reducing beef consumption would help the environment.
reducing the amount of methane they produce one way or another is beneficial.
we're better off reducing or eliminating animal agriculture.
reducing our need for cows in our agriculture is a way to fight climate change.
some people believe that is an argument for reducing meat consumption.
reducing the amount they burp is important to reduce the greenhouse-gasses.
reducing the numbers of animals that are raised for food, including cows, could have a positive impact on the environment.
it may be better to replace meat products with plant based foods like those made by Impossible.
replacing animal agriculture with plant based "meats" or changing the cows diet may reduce the harmful effects.
an alternative is to stop eating meat and eat some other type of proteins, such as the fake meat served in many fast food restaurants and bought in supermarkets.
the goal should be to stop using animals as food and go to a plant based diet.
steps should be taken to solve the problem.
non-meat alternatives that taste like meat should be explored.
there is thought that eating meat takes a large toll and we should reduce the amount of meat particularly beef consumption.
we should transition to plant based meats.
it is important for meat-alternatives to be used more often.
the use of alternatives such as meat substitutes may become necessary and more common especially in the fast food market.
let's stop the methane in the first place.
in order to reduce the amount of methane, there should be less cows.
It would be best to try and reduce that amount.
meatless foods is a great alternative.
we need to do something about it.
we need to do something about it as a planet.
they need to have an alternative meat.
this should be reduced either by shifting to plant based meat or adding impossible food in Cow's diet.
one alternative to address this problem, is the consuming of plant based meat.
if more fast food chains add these alternative meat products to their menus, there will be less harm done to the environment.
changing to a plant based diet may help he environment.
plant-based meats will help reduce the amount of methane.
Impossible's alternative burgers are a good option because they emit 89% less greenhouse gas emissions than beef.
it would be less harmful to the environment if humans consumed less meat products.
eating meat and therefore supporting meat production agriculture is a contributing factor.
feeding cows seaweed as part of their diet will reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
introducing seaweed into their diet lessens the methane burps by 99%.
one solution lies in changing what farmers feed cows and using seaweed as opposed to traditional feed.
the solution lies in what farmers feed cows- seaweed would be a better food.
another solution lies in what farmers feed cows.
another solution lies in what farmers feed cows
there are two methods to reduce this: plant based food or feeding the cows seaweed instead of grass.
it's harm can be reduced through watching what the cows eat.
one third of green house gases would be reduced by feeding them lesss harmful food.
the only solution to reducing the amount of greenhouse gas emissions is to change the cows diets and try to reduce the amount of meat consumption across the board.
reducing the amount of methane the cattle produce would help to stop global warming.
IF COWS CONSUME SEAWEED AS PART OF THEIR DIETS, THEY RELEASE UP TO 99% LESS METHANE IN THEIR BURPS, THIS CAN REDUCE ONE THIRD OF GREEN HOUSE GAS EMISSION
there are options to resolve this issue such as changing the cows' diet, or opt for a plant meats that look, taste, and has the same texture as real meat to reduce animal agriculture.
when cows consume seaweed as part of their diets, it could reduce about one-third of greenhouse gas emissions caused by animal agriculture
when cows consume seaweed as part of their diets, they release up to 99% less methane in their burps.
if they consume seaweed as part of their diet, up to 1/3 of greenhouse gas emissions caused by animal agriculture could be reduced.
the consumption of seaweed is an alternative for cows that ensures that 99% methane is released in their burps.
changing what they eat can decrease the methane .
changing their diets could help reduce this.
farmers can feed cows differently such as feeding them seaweed which they would release up to 99% less methane in their burps.
adding seaweed to the cow's diet can reduce the harmful gas emission by 99%.
a unique solution of adding seaweed to cattle food could be an effective way to alleviate production of bovine methane.
consuming less meat which would reduce the demand for animals raised for food, plus changing what the cows are fed to something that produces less gas can reduce the harm to the environment.
two solutions to this problem would be to convert to plant based "meats" or feed cows seaweed instead.
eating seawood is a way to reduce the methane in their burps.
feeding them other foods or reducing beef consumption could help the planet.
feeding the seaweed to them can reduce the methane in environment.
feeding them seaweed will reduce the methane in their burps.
you can either feed the cows differently or change the way us as people eat.
we can add seaweed to the cows diets so they burp less.
we should immediately add in seaweed to their diet to reduce the greenhouse gas release and work to reduce the dependencies on meat in our diets.
we should add seaweed to their diet in order to reduce the methane produced from their burps.
we must address this by all available means including a reduction in our meat consumption and changing the diets of cows.
we should address this by either changing what cows eat or reducing meat consumption.
we should adjust the diet of cows and eliminate consumption of meat.
we have to change what cows eat or what people eat to reduce its emission.
we can change what we eat or we can change what the cows eat
we can either change what we ear or what cows eat to prevent global warming.
we can change what we feed the cows.
we can either change the cows diet or not the cow so there are less cows needed.
if we could change their diets , we could diminish the methane that they produce.
we could change what people eat, or we could change what the cows eat.
we must change our or their eating habits.
we must either change what we eat or what we feed cows in order to minimize said effect.
we must change what cows eat.
we must do something to change either what we eat or what the cows eat.
we need to change what we feed cows.
either we need to change what people eat, or we need to change what cows eat.
we either need to change how cows eat or switch to he consumption of plant based "meats".
we may need to change what they eat.
we need to change what people or what cows eat.
we need to either change how we eat or how the cows eat to help prevent it from happening.
we should change what they eat.
we should change what cows eat to seaweed so they can produce 99% less gasses.
we should either change what cows eat, or stop eating meat altogether
we should change their diet.
we should change what cows eat.
we should change people eat or change cow eat.
we should change the diet of what we feed the meat we eat, as well as eat less meat.
we should change cow's diets to reduce the amount of methane produced.
we should change what people and cows eat.
we should change the diet of cows to seaweed.
we need to come up with alternatives to the way cows are fed, or we need to invest in more plant-based alternatives to help reduce the impact on the environment.
we should come up with solutions to help reduce the amount of methane, such as changing our's or the cow's diet.
we need to consider solutions to decrease methane in cows.
we should consider what we feed cows and what we eat.
we should consider ways to reduce the gases that cows create either by eating less meat or modifying their diet.
we should consider changing either what people eat or what we feed cows
we should consider alternatives to either what we eat (such as switching to meat alternatives like the impossible burger) or how we raise our cattle (such as changing THEIR diet to seaweed.)
we should consider feeding them seaweed.
we should considering switching to seaweed-based feed for cattle.
we should either consume less meat or change cows' diets.
we should create plant-based "meats" that have the look, taste, and texture of real meat, Impossible is appealing to meat-eaters, but also feed seaweed to cows and stop mating cows for slaughter
we should cut down on amount of meat eaten and change what we feed cows.
either we don't eat cows anymore or we change what we feed them.
we can either eat plant-based meat or feed the cows seaweed to eat to produce less gas and less global warming
we need to either eat less meat and lower demand for cattle raising, or feed cattle something else like seaweed to greatly lower their methane output,
we need to either eat less meat so we have fewer cows, or feed cows something else, like seaweed.
we should either eat less beef by substituting beef with foods that don't contain animal products or by feeding cows foods that don't lead them to burp out methane gas.
we should eat less meat or change what we feed them.
we should either eat less meat or feed cows differently.
we should eat less of them, or, change their diet.
by either eating less meat, or by having cows eat less gassy food, we can lower the amount of methane that's put into the atmosphere.
we could eliminate the need for meat or change what the cows eat to save from methane gases.
either we need to eliminate animal agriculture or change what the cows eat to help eliminate methane burps.
we either need to end animal agriculture or reduce the amount of methane cows’ produce.
we must explore either an end to the animal agriculture responsible for this, or a change in the cows' diet to one that produces less methane.
if we feed them seaweed we can reduce the amount of methane in their burps and thereby reduce greenhouse gasses, helping to reduce climate change.
we can either feed them seaweed to reduce emissions, or encourage the eating of plant based meats.
we can feed them seaweed to make the problem less severe.
we could feed them seaweed to reduce it.
we need to feed them more seaweed.
we should feed them seaweed.
we should feed the cows seaweed.
we should feed the cows sea weed grass.
it important that we find a solution either by eating less meat or changing the way we raise livestock.
we must find a way to decrease the amount of methane they produce.
we must either find a way to cut back the methane output or eliminating cow farming.
we need to find better solutions like feeding them seaweed.
we need to find the best solution possible to address the problem, whether it be ending agriculture, or changing the ways in which we feed cows.
we need to find a way to lessen our impact on the environment; either through having fewer cows to produce methane, engineering a method to reduce the methane they produce, or performing both in tandem.
we either need to find a way to decrease the methane produced (like with seaweed) or reduce the amount of meat that is consumed by humans.
we need to find a way to reduce the gas from the cow burps.
we should find ways to reduce the total amount of methane produced by cow burps.
we should find ways to reduce the production of methane from burps.
we should either find a substitute for beef or change what the cows are fed.
we should find ways to eat less beef or manipulate how much methane is caused by cows.
we should free them a lot of seaweed and not eat meat.
we must give them gas x
we should give cows seaweed to decrease the methane in their burps.
we should either give up on eating meats and go for plant-based replacements or feed cows different stock and so they produce less methane from cow burps.
we should give them seaweed as part of their diet.
we must look to plant-based meats instead or change what we feed cows.
we need to look for alternatives in what food cows eat.
we need to look for other methods of feeding the populations protein or new methods of feeding the cows.
we need to look at ways of reducing this harm by either limiting or ending animal farming or by changing some of the ways we care for the animals we raise.
we need to look at either ways to reduce our meat consumption or substitute other items for cows to eat, like seaweed, to reduce the methane content of their burps.
we should look into alternatives to factory farming including plant-based meat alternatives and new ways to feed cows to lower the amount of methane they release.
we should look into ways to reduce this including feeding them seaweed.
we should look at what we feed the cows to lessen their burps or find an alternative towards meat production.
we should look for alternative solutions like changing the cows' diets to seaweed diets.
we have to make a change by either changing their diet or eating more imitation meat.
we should make efforts to stem our meat eating or change what cows eat.
we should modify their diets or reduce our beef consumption.
we can reduce the number of animals we raise for meat by providing meat alternatives or change the diet of the cows.
either we can reduce our meat consumption or feed cows a seaweed based diet to reduce methane emissions
we need to reduce the cow population by looking toward non-meat sources for burgers, or switch the cow feed to a less methane producing type.
we either need to reduce meat consumption or change what the cows eat.
we should reduce this harm by using plant based meat substitutes or changing cows diets to reduce methane they produce.
we should either reduce the amount of red meat being consumed, or feed cows other things, like seaweed.
we should either get rid of animal agriculture or change how cows eat to reduce methane that is released.
we should either seek to reduce our reliance on methane belching animals as the source of our meat by looking to plant-based meat alternatives, or explore alternate methods of feeding so that Cows produce less methane
we should seek methods to reduce the methane in cow burps.
we could solve that problem by feeding cows seaweed which would reduce their burping by 99%.
we should start feeding the cows in a healthier way for the planet
we should start replacing some of our regular meat intake along with changing the diet of cows to reduce methane gas production.
some people think we should start feeding them seaweed.
some people think we should starting eating plant based meat products and others think we just need to adjust the cows diets.
if we stop eating meat/end animal agriculture, or change what cows eat, we may be able to make slow global warming.
we should strive to either end animal agriculture or work on changing the cows diets so as to produce less methane.
we need to take steps to reduce the methane belching and reduce the amount of beef we eat.
we need to take action to think of ways to feed the cows better food that has been shown to reduce emissions or we need to go with meat alternatives so that meat usage is reduced in favor of alternative food options.
we should take steps to reduce methane production from this source by changing what we eat and/or changing what the cows eat.
we should take action to reduce that methane amount down to safer levels.
we should try to either reduce animal agriculture or feed the animals differently, or both.
we should try to end animal agriculture or at least change it by feeding cows seaweed to reduce their methane production.
we should try to make it so there is less methane in cow burps.
we should try to find ways to prevent that like feeding cows seaweed which helps them release 99% less methane in their burps.
we should urge farmers to change their feed and we should eat more plant based products including impossible meats.
we need to use methods to make cows less gassy.
we should either use plant based meats or change the diet of cow to include seaweed.
we should utilize alternative meats and feed seaweed to the livestock to decrease emission of about 15 percent by 33 percent.
we should work to lessen the environmental impact weather it is from switching to non-meat alternatives, or changing the beef cow's daily diet.
we should work to reducing methane produced from cows.
we should work to reduce methane release from cow burps, which is possible in many different ways.
it makes sense to either eliminate the cows or change what they eat, e.g. seaweed.
they should consume seaweed to release upto 99% less methane
people must change what cows eat or what human beings eat.
people should either change what they eat, or cows should be given other foods.
people should eat less meat and farmers should feed the cows seaweed to decrease methane production.
people should eat less meat or we should change what cows eat.
it would be good for the planet if people found an alternative to having so many cows, such as feeding the cows different foods or reducing peoples' meat consumption.
people should try to consume less meat, or farmers should find a better way of feeding cows so they produce less methane.
at the same time if the animals have good diet then it should safe
it is better if humans stop eating meat altogether, or more research is put into what is appropriate to feed cows to reduce methane burps.
humans can either stop raising cows to eat and instead eat a vegetable product that tastes just like cooked beef, or feed cows a different diet to reduce their methane production.
it the world would benefit from changing the diet of cows.
farmers and scientists should come up with an alternative method in feeding cows or replace that part of agriculture with plant based meat products.
farmers should begin feeding cows seaweed which reduces methane in their burps by 99%.
farmers should feed cows seaweed to reduce the amount of methane.
farmers should feed cows seaweed, since research has shown that when cows consume seaweed as part of their diets, they release up to 99% less methane in their burps.
farmers should feed them seaweed which reduces it.
either people or cow should change what eat.
either fast food chains add alternatives to meat or farmers feed seaweed to cows to reduce the harmful effects to our environment.
e should change what they eat.
cows should consume seaweed
cows should consume seaweed as part of their diets, as they release up to 99% less methane in their burps when doing so.
cows should eat seeweed
cows should eat more seaweed since studies show they produce far less methane when eating said food.
cows need to be fed differently.
animals should be eating foods that lower methane emission
a solution needs to be met, whether ending animal agriculture, changing their diets, or a combination of the two to reduce the effects of global warming.
a resolution needs to be made to slow the global warming process by altering the cows diet, along with other global warming key factors unrelated to cow burping.
a change in their diet, or a lower reliance on beef could dramatically decrease global warming.
seaweed should be added to the cows diet to reduce the percentage of the methane from cow burps.
the issue can be addressed by changing the cow's diet to include seaweed, which helps reduce methane, as well as offering alternative, plant-based "meats" like Impossible Meat.
plant-based meat products would be a step in the right direction in terms of easing climate change.
alternative meat sources such as plant based meat should be adopted or cows can be fed with feed materials that reduces the release of greenhouse gases.
change the way cows eat or use meat substitutes.
it is a good idea to change a cow's diet to reduce the methane released.
it is useful to change the way that we go about getting meat, or changing the diet of cows.
the need to change what farmers feed their cows
it would be beneficial to either change the cows diet or minimize the need for cows.
an alternative method such as beef substitutes or changing the cow's diet is necessary.
something must be done to stem the release of methane, whether it be changing what the cows eat or changing what we humans eat.
something should be done to address the cows or their diet in order to reduce global warming.
a solution is to either eat less meat or change what we feed cows.
either a change in humans' meat-eating options and habits or a change in cows' is necessary to scale down the amount of methane being generated by these industries and eating habits.
it is necessary to end animal agriculture or feed the cows with seaweed as part of their diets, released up to 99% less methane in their belching.
cows should be fed seaweed to lessen the amount of Methane that they burp.
either cows should be fed seaweed in their diet or people should eat less meat.
cows should be fed other foods.
the best solution is to feed cows seaweed, which results in 99% less methane being released by their burps.
feed them seaweed.
a solution would be to feed cows seaweed as part of their diets, doing so they release up to 99% less methane in their burps proved by a recent research.
it may be a good idea to figure out how to minimize the methane produced by cattle.
it's important to find solutions that reduce the environmental impact of our diets such as meat alternatives and altering animal diets in order to decrease greenhouse gas release.
it could be helpful to find ways to reduce their production of methane.
finding ways to reduce the amount of methane, either by switching what the cows eat or by switching the human diet to involve less meat, is important.
finding a way to make them burp less, or eating plant based burgers could help the environment.
a solution should be found, whether that is curbing animal agriculture by replacing meat with plant-based substitutes, or reducing the amount of methane cows release into the environment by changing their diet.
your options include cutting or limiting meat products and consuming plant-based "meats" or eating meats that are consuming seaweed daily as part of their feed consumption.
it is important to have seaweed integrated into their diet, to lessen methane by one third.
let's reduce the amount of methane a cow produces.
let's change their diet with seaweed and lessen methane.
there should be research on how to limit the burps that harm the environment.
it is advisable to look into either meat alternatives that are plant based or amending the cattle diets such that there is lower methane in their burps.
means to alleviate this situation need to be addressed, whether through the consumption of less meat or through a change in the diet of the cows.
mitigating gas release via a diet change, or changing people's eating habits away from meat, must be considered.
there is an on-going (and much needed) discussion about the best ways to combat all current animal agriculture effects, including ways to minimize cow burps.
in order for a reduction in gas, a change is needed in the way cows are raised.
consumers and farmers ought to change their habits, whether that means eating more plant-based food, or changing the diets of the cows themselves.
a solution is to raise less cows or change their food.
it is imperative that fewer cows are raised or a way is found for the cow population to produce less methane.
the solution is to reduce/eliminate meat consumption or feed the cows food which will radically decrease their methane production.
there should be an effort to reduce the amount of methane produced by cow burps.
solutions, such as reduced meat consumption and changing of animal agricultural diets, must be adopted by the public.
animal agriculture should be reduced to the extent possible or the diet of cows should be modified to reduce the methane content of their burps.
it is imperative to either stop the animal agriculture, amend the diets of cows to include more seaweed and thus reduce their greenhouse methane gas emission, or discover alternates to these two ideas.
it is suggested that if cows be fed seaweed in order to reduce gas emissions.
steps need to be taken to either alter their diet to end this effect or bring animal agriculture to an end.
measures need to be taken to reduce the impact of cows.
there should be steps taken to reduce the methane in the cows' systems by changing their diet, or reduce the number of cows on the planet.
there should be actions taken to help reduce the methane cows emit.
other methods should be taken to decrease the amount of methane produced by cows.
it is essential to use plant-based meats as a substitute or feed cows seaweed which prevents 99% of methane emissions from cows.
an alternative solution is the type of food that farmers can feed the cows which produce less methane.
changing their diets or how people consume plant-based alternatives are imperative options to reduce climate change impact.
changing the cows diet, and lowering the cow population by relying a little more on meatless protein options will help elevate this issue.
changing the cow's diet could help reduce the output of methane gas by as much as 99.9%.
changing cow diets can help in reducing global warming
