we should adapt to these changes and take an initiative to save the earth, no matter what we have to lose.
we should all adopt the laws and implement them so we can take care of the environment and our health.
more communities should adopt plastic bag reduction laws.
more states should adopt this tactic.
more states and cities should adopt them.
we should advocate for better recycling programs
we should advocate for more cities and states to consider implementing them.
options that are affordable to replace plastic bags and improvement to recycling should be implemented by local governments.
it should be continued
they should be embraced by the people
they should be implemented
this should be something more places advocate.
compromises should be reached by both sides.
it should not be reversed.
perhaps they should be enacted wherever possible as long as the cons don't outweigh the benefits for a certain community.
the laws should be enacted everywhere.
their adoption should be encouraged.
they should be adapted in more places.
they should be adopted as soon as possible.
they should be discussed and considered.
they should be enacted everywhere.
they should be expanded.
they should be implemented all across the country.
they should be implemented by our government.
they should be implemented to help our planet and the population as a whole.
they should be implemented.
they should be passed and used.
they should be pursued despite the objections.
they should be put into place but first charging for plastic bags.
they should be seriously considered and studied further.
they should be supported.
they should be used globally.
there should be beneficial effects.
there should be more such laws in order to protect the environment.
people should be willing to adopt them.
states should be like california and few others that have these laws.
they should be more wide spread.
a fee should be charged to use them so people would be encouraged to use reusable bags.
they should be expanded to severely control or even ban the bags.
we should be investing in more alternative solutions to plastic bags.
we should be making the transition to stop using plastic bags and opting to reusable bags.
we should be promoting them and trying to assist the lower income individuals.
we should be sure low income people have affordable access to reusable bags and plastics employees are retrained for new and better jobs.
we should be willing to implement them in order to better care for our environment.
any income from bag fees should be used for biodegradable bags.
consumers should be encouraged to use recyclable bags.
free reusable bags for those who need them and better recycling methods should be implemented to protect the environment while helping people maintain work as a transition is made.
low income shoppers should be helped in transitioning to using reusable bags.
other cities should be encouraged to enact plastic bag reduction laws.
plastic bag reduction laws should be expanded,
plastic bags should be banned and they should be given free
reusable totes should be made available to everyone.
solutions should be sought to minimize harm to workers and consumers, while maximizing the benefits of a cleaner, safer environment.
they should be enforced to reduce plastics in the environment as long as we make reusable bags available to those that can't afford them.
they should be implemented along with measures to help lower-income people get free reusable bags.
use of reusable bags should be encouraged and made affordable to the public.
businesses should be proactive by providing free reusable bags, and charge a fee for plastic bags used by a customer.
it should be considered as it helps to prevent production of toxic substances in the environment and prevent health problems due to plastic bags production.
a balance should be struck to continue the reduction of their use while limiting economic harm.
local and state governments should be considering creating them and enforcing them to protect their commiunities.
the benefits and costs should be considered before laws are made.
the laws should be adapted at federal level.
therefore they should be put into place to allow for a healthier environment.
they should be adopted in more communities across the country in the interest of citizens and our planet.
they should be considered as a possible solution to these problems or at least a partial solution in joint with better recycling solutions to counter the threat to production facility laborers.
they should be considered, but also weighed against the cost to implement them, especially to low income shoppers.
they should be enacted across the country to better public health.
they should be enacted if the impact is deemed not to be that great.
they should be enacted in order to keep people healthy.
they should be enforced to try to better protect the environment.
they should be expanded to help mitigate polution.
they should be implemented and continually improved to make up for their shortcomings.
they should be implemented in all states in order to help the environment and the overall public health.
they should be implemented in cities across the country.
they should be implemented in more locations.
they should be implemented in more places across the U.S.
they should be implemented more, and their focus should always be the effects on natural life.
they should be implemented nation wide.
they should be implemented on a federal level.
they should be implemented to help the environment and people's health.
they should be implemented whenever possible, bearing in mind the difficulties posed for some groups.
they should be passed to help the environment.
they should be seriously considered in communities throughout the country.
they should be taken into serious consideration when debating how the plastic controversy should be treated going forward.
it should become common practice for bigger cities.
many more states in the U.S. should begin adopting it in order to reduce plastic bag usage.
people should care more about the environment and the health of the earth and it's inhabitants and be open to possibly being a little inconvenienced by changing their habits in regards to using plastic bags.
people should change the way they shop.
the country as a whole should greatly consider implementing these laws.
maybe we should consider doing it.
we should carefully consider both sides of the argument before making decisions about enforcing new laws.
we should consider implementing them in our society today.
we should consider them.
we should really consider the benefits of not having these laws in place.
we should strongly consider their implementation.
all city and state governments should consider switching over to more eco-friendly options.
cities close to plastic production centers should consider enacting laws to protect the community.
local, state, and federal legislatures should consider adopting measures to reduce the production of plastic bags.
city and state governments should consider them carefully when trying to preserve the environment and people's health.
states should consider how they will implement them to best serve the population.
states and municipalities should seriously consider implementing them.
the government should considering implementing them.
people should contact their local, state (and perhaps even federal) authorities to implement those laws in our neighborhoods, states and America as a whole.
the United States should continue its efforts.
they should continue as it is helping the environment.
they should continue to be implemented.
we should continue to advocate for them.
we should continue to enforce and expand them.
we should continue to enforce them.
we should continue to find ways to make them more widespread
we should continue to put more of these laws in place.
we should continue to recycle
we should continue using these laws.
cities and states should continue these efforts.
we should continue efforts to have more places charge a fee for their usage or have laws eliminating plastic bags entirely.
we should continue to be mindful of how many plastic bags we produce and try to reduce our dependence on them.
we should continue to expand them to further reduce waste and pollution.
we should continue to improve on laws about recycling and production of wasteful and polluting products.
we should continue to take pride in lowering the amount of chemicals that are being released in the air now.
we should continue to take steps to reduce the amount of bags we use.
we should continue with the reduction effort to help ensure a healthy environment for all Americans.
city and state governments should continue to adopt these policies in the future.
they should continue to be instituted at local and regional government levels while educating the public how to reduce consumption and why it is important to do so.
alternatives to continuing plastic bag manufacturing should be explored in order to support the environment and workers.
cost effective solutions should be explored.
every state should create and enforce them
we should cut back on production and ensure people that can not afford reusable bags are in some way helped in the process of transition to reusable bags.
people should educate themselves and seek to use as little plastic bags as possible, if any at all.
we should enact more of them
we should enact them nation-wide.
we should enact them as well as find better ways to recycle our plastics for the betterment of the earth.
government should enact laws to reduce their usage.
more cities and states should enact legislation to reduce the use of plastic bags.
more states should enact these laws to help the environment be healthier.
more states and cities should enact these laws to reduce plastic pollution.
more cities and states should enact them.
more states should enact similar laws.
people should encourage them
we should encourage cities to adopt their own versions of the law.
we should encourage our political representatives to vote for them as we consiously reduce or eliminate them in our lives.
we should encourage recycling and the use and distribution of reusable bags.
we should enforce them across the US and switch entirely to paper bags or reusable plastic bags.
the government should find a way to protect people by finding ways to keep the both systems
we should find a way to make this affordable for everyone.
we should find ways to implement them.
we should find a way to compromise between the health benefits and the economic costs.
we should find a way to reduce plastic bag consumption without making life worse for workers or low-income groups by providing a more cost-effective and environmentally-friendly alternative without unnecessary bans or price hikes.
we should find ways to mitigate the negative consequences of these laws on low-income people.
we should focus on our health and environment because in the end if will be more expensive than the opposing issues.
we should do our best to follow them and help communities and the environment.
we should follow
we should follow them
every other state and local jurisdiction in the USA should blindly follow the lead of the wacko lib precincts listed in the article as visionary for their plastic bag bans -- that is, follow California right off the cliff like so many lemmings.
we should follow what the laws say.
towns and states should follow the lead of states that have already banned bags.
other states should follow suit and ban them to improve pollution levels and community health.
more local and, state governments should follow the lead of places like: Chicago and Richmond, CA.
everyone should get on board.
we should get on board and join the effort to reduce out plastic bag consumption
we should go ahead and pass them.
other governing bodies should consider them
all states should have them.
more communities should have these laws.
we should have them.
I believe we should have these laws, while also working to make sure workers are still able to keep their jobs without worry.
we should do more to help people make the transition to re-usable bags.
we should all help to protect the environment and our own health
I believe we should implement them for the safety and well-being of all our citizens.
we should all implement this idea into our lives.
we should implement them at a higher scale and at a much more effective method.
we should implement them immediately.
we should implement them in order to help our environment.
more states/cities should implement these laws more to help communities and overall help our economy.
we should implement it to reduce the drastic impacts it have on the environment and people’s health.
we should implement them in a progressive way that does not hurt low-income shoppers or people's livelihoods.
we should implement them nationally (and shove a cactus up Trump's ass).
more communities should implement them, while making more reusable bags available for low income shoppers.
more cities should implement them
more localities should implement them.
more states should implement them.
more states should implement these laws.
we should implement more of them like Chicago and Richmond CA.
they should probably implemented in other communities.
we should increase them
the fees incurred should not be difficult for lower-income groups to pay.
we should institute the law nationwide.
more cities should institute them so it becomes common practice
we should investigate way to both reduce the use and manufacturing of plastic bags, as well as redefine work for those already employed in the industry.
more cities should join Chicago IL and Richmond CA in banning plastic bags.
the environmentalists should keep working to facilitate their implementation by distributing reusable bags to those who are low income.
it should lead to improvements in the environment and humans lives.
we should limit their use.
we should collectively look for alternative ways to carry our items and stop polluting our air, water and planet.
we should look into ways to keep from job losses happening as well as plastic reduction for lower income people.
local and state governments should look for ways to regulate the use of plastic.
more cities and municipalities should look into doing them.
we should more ahead and make it a national law.
we should make a more widespread effort to educate our communities on how to use reusable bags and where they can obtain them.
we as a whole should make a stronger plan on incorporating these laws in many communities, respect the economic impact these laws may create, and allow for a variety of consumers, especially within low-income brackets, to be able to follow protocol
we should minimize the risk of developing serious health problems by putting them in place as much as possible.
we should move away from there use.
we should move toward the reduction of plastic bags.
city and state governments should pass laws to decrease the negative effects of plastic production and waste.
more states should pass reduction laws.
city and state governments should pass more laws.
more states and cities should also pass them in order to protect people and our communities
they should persist
people should pivot and create a new industry to combat plastic bag risks as well as socioeconomic risks as a result of going green.
we should produce reusable bags
more places should put them to use.
we should put forth effort to discover new ways to help in addition to researching new recycling methods and educating the population about the benenfits of reusable bags.
people should recycle more and try other options that are available.
we should do what we can to reduce our usage of plastic bags.
we should all do our part and reduce recycle reuse :-)
we should do everything we can do our part to reduce the use.
reducing the environmental impact should be of paramount concern.
we should seek for ways to make re-usable bags a viable option.
it seems as if we should continue implementing these laws for public health.
state and local governments should do their best to set forth regulations that reduce or ban the usage of plastic bags.
the people signing these Bill's into law should also provide resources for people who worry about fees or loss of jobs
we should start seeing the beneficial effects.
we should start using reusable bags.
governments should start implementing them for a better and healthier future.
cities, states and countries should strengthen and implement them as a way to decrease dependency on potentially harmful plastics.
all states should strive to implement ways to reduce the use of plastic bags.
we should strive to see more implementation of reducing our use of plastic bags but also see that we are incorporating the use of better recycling as well.
we should suport the laws and help other change over to reusable bags.
people should support them
we should support them
people should support them.
we should all support and follow them.
we should support them.
we should support these laws for the benefit of world.
we should support our local governance to implement new lawful standards for retail establishments to hold themselves to.
we should support them to protect communities located near their production plants.
please take time to understand how important it is to our health ad well as the health of our future the general public should be made aware of the harmful effects of plastics and the amount consumed per day per household.
our country as a whole should take them much more seriously than we do.
more cities and and state governments should take the initiative to take steps to make this happen in their community.
our lawmakers should take steps to put these laws and regulations into effect.
more cities should take action against using them.
other cities and states should take notice and put similar laws in effect.
we should all try and stop using them to protect ourselves, the environment and future generations.
we should all try to follow them in order to help stop the pollution.
we should try to enact as many of them as possible.
we should try and make the switch to reusable bags for the good of the environment.
we should try our best to use reusable bags or recycle any plastic bags that we use.
we should try to balance them with keeping people's livelihoods safe.
we should try to find a way to create laws that people can agree to, that will result in benefits for the health of the environment, but without jeopardizing jobs or livelihoods of the workers in plastic the plastic industry.
we should try to implement them or provide a better means of recycling plastic bags.
people should try to avoid plastic bag usage.
we should use reusable bags
people should use reusable bags for shopping and other tasks.
people should use reusable bags more often.
we should utilize them to protect people and the environment.
we should weight the benefits of these laws more heavily than the economic impact of retaining our current levels of plastic bag consumption.
the federal government should work with factories to find a mutually beneficial solution.
we should all work to pass these laws.
everyone should work together to reduce the use of plastic bags.
the federal government should work on retooling and implementing new laws.
we should work harder to expand these laws and work with low income shoppers to make it easier to obtain reusable bags.
people should work to reduce the amount of plastic bags they use by using reusable bags instead.
it must be supported by the government and the community.
they must be enacted in order to protect the health of the community.
they must be implemented in a way that will help the environment and the local communities.
we must find a better way to recycle our plastics so that we can live in a clean environment without affecting those who work in the plastics industry.
must follow act this laws of country
we must all make the sacrifices necessary in order to protect our planet.
we must make these changes, we will get used to the changes, it just takes a little time.
we must support the laws and adapt to the reduction and elimination of plastic bags
we must train people to the effect of recyclable bags.
more cities,states, localities and governments need to adopt them as they benefit the overall health of the planet and our environment.
people need to be helped with making the transition from plastic bags to reusable bags.
people need to be educated about the reasons for the necessary reduction laws, and communities need to work together to provide reusable bags for low income people.
people need to be looking for ways to encourage the use of cloth bags as well as ways to reduce the cost of recycling.
we need to consider if the cost is worth the benefit.
we need to endorse them and encourage people to use reusable bags.
we need to figure out ways to incentivize people to switch to using a canvas bag or bookbag.
we need to have more programs which help people transition on over to using reusable bags.
we need to help people obtain reusable bags.
we need to keep working on adjusting to those laws in ways that make plastic bag reduction more accessible for everyone.
us citizens need learn them and apply them to our everyday lives
we need to make it work for everyone.
we need to make a way to financially support those who may be affected by the reduced use.
city and state governments need to pass laws to decrease the negative effects of plastic production and waste.
everyone need to play their part in the process to make it work.
plastic bag manufacturers need to prepare for loss of income.
we need to put all efforts into making this a reality.
we need to reduce by using plastic bags.
we need to think forward but help to bridge the the gap to balance the economic impact from the changes.
the companies need to work on ways to improve the ability to recycle the bags more efficiently to prevent the loss of jobs without losing jobs.
we might need to wory more about our communities and environment than to wory about the factory workers jobs.
there may be more of them implemented in the years to come
it may be an option worth considering
it may be time for your city and/or state to legislate.
the harmful environmental effects of plastic bags may be easily dealt with.
it may be worthwhile to look into passing more laws covering the production and use of plastic bags.
it may be the right thing for local and state governments to pass those laws as there have been as much as 30 reduction in plastic bag use.
they may continue to have a positive environmental impact if the economic considerations are taken into account.
They might be worth the economic cost.
places might want to consider looking into it as the environment is important
with the right frame work this can be a cost effective law that helps the environment.
we and our planet can benefit such efforts - emphasis on recycling is a big positive in this effort and could help out society in the long run.
people can change their habits for the good.
we can all get a wake up call that something needs to be done, People don't pay attention until it cost them money.
that we can have a better way of life.
one day our descendents can see this planet as not a giant trash pile.
it could be worth a shot to try them, if better solutions come about the laws can always be amended.
they need to do it now it has been way to long my grocery store puts 2 itens in each plastic bag and i am carry out 12 bags instead of 3 brown bags
long as you don't mind having to pay extra for bags or bring your own bags with you when you shop.
hopefully people will find ways to use them less often.
hopefully everyone will get on board.
despite the effects they will have on the plastic industry the overall benefits the changes could have are worth the sacrifice.
the benefits of these laws will far outweigh the consequences of not having them in place.
they would be a good thing to consider.
it would be useful if our local, state, and federal government would increase education so citizens have a greater understanding of the benefits of reduction, and be more motivated to do so.
it would be beneficial in the long term if more states were to implement the measures that have proven effective so far.
I will support laws that are introduced in my city.
Any inconveniences are ultimately worth it, and the Benefits outweigh the costs.
it is something to consider for the long-term health benefits for our society.
it's worth changing how people shop.
it's likely that more communities will introduce them.
it's crucial that we enforce these laws to prevent any harm to our community.
the losses are worth the benefits.
they are worth the time and investment required to pass them.
they are worth the trouble despite the inconveniences they may cause at first.
it is important to come up with a common ground we can work toward, if possible.
it is in our longterm interest to embrace this change.
it is important to find ways to implement them.
it is important to follow them.
we are all peoples support this law for our future generations.
it is best we adjust to using our own bags.
it is important to increase recycling methods and switch to reusable bags.
it is important for them to be implemented to help reduce the risk of negative effects from plastic bags.
they are worth the economic cost to plastic manufacturing plant employees and low income shoppers.
it is worth the effort and the change in how consumers shop in order to create a better environment and better health for the community.
it is important that we change the way consumers use them.
it is our responsibility to advocate for replacing plastic bags with more sustainable options like paper and reusable bags to improve the health of people and the environment.
it's important to ensure that everyone has affordable access to reusable bags to make this a practical solution.
it is in our best interest to recycle.
it is important we slowly continue to implement these laws across states and carefully monitor the impact on it community and the pros and cons of it.
it is in the benefit of society for governments to mandate restrictions on plastic bag usage.
it is important to create awareness on the use of reusable bags and overall change the mentality of the usual shopper.
more laws are wanted and needed.
these laws are important for the future health of people and the planet.
they are worth enacting to protect both people and the environment.
it is definitely important to be implemented in more cities.
it is important to find affordable options so that everyone in the community can participate without a financial burden.
it is best to help mitigate the negative impacts of those laws and pass them in more places.
it is important to keep these practices in place and to add onto them to keep the positive effect on the environment in place.
they benefits of reducing plastic bag usage are worth the economic cost.
please call or write you state legislators to pass new laws reducing plastic bag use.
we cam reduce the amount of trash around help from littering and over usage on plastic.
I hope they continue to help reduce the number of bags being used.
please educate yourself and your loved ones.
expect them to be considered by an increasing number of cities and towns as time goes on.
expect to see more communities adopt these laws.
facilitate reusable bags.
finding a balance through community outreach and job training would support the initiation of these laws.
finding a solution that is both cost effective and better for the environment will satisfy both the environment and low income families.
despite the job loss and individual concerns like finding reusable bags, the benefits to the environment and people's health make it worth taking them into consideration.
get yourself some reuseable bags and start reducing plastic intake!
we all have to do our part and get used to this minor inconvenience.
we have to determine whether the benefits outweigh the economic cost.
why not help people make the transition with reusable bags?
heres to hoping they save waste and help the environment
ignore the plastic
join us in reducing your plastic bag usage.
the ends justify the means.
let's continue to help the environment by depending less on plastic bags.
let's educate and help one another within our communities to change our plastic bag usage for the better and develop safer recycling methods.
let's expand them to include better recycling options for plastic bags as well.
look for an event where you can procure reusable bags in order to support both the laws, and the workers!
make sure to contact your representative and let them know you support plastic bag reduction.
make an attempt to reduce the amount of disposable plastic bags being used.
it makes sense to follow the law to encourage people to do their part to leave less of a footprint on Earth.
it makes sense to implement them.
it makes sense to implement them, but to also take steps to assist those who may experience negative impacts from these laws.
there needs to be some sort of implementation of them while making sure the negative effects are not so averse.
an effort needs to be made by each city to reduce the impact of plastic bag use.
the benefits outweigh the cons.
the benefits outweigh the costs to implement.
the benefits outweigh the economic cost.
The benefits outweigh the negative aspects.
providing reusable bags for free to those that can't afford them is a great idea.
please support them.
transition away from these to reusable ones is a good idea.
try to limit plastic bag use, recycle, and use reusable bags as much as possible.
try to use reusable bags.
try and help with this and use reusable bags.
vote for Democrats, who would like nothing more than to implement draconian laws restricting your freedoms.
please vote to pass these laws so we all can live healthier.
we definately need them!
I’ll make sure I do my part.
Its important to do our part
some people will follow the law, and some people will not.
its worthwhile thinking of workable alternatives.
the environmental benefits out weigh the economic cost to the transition to reusable bags.
