but a couple options for junk food would be ok.
but a couple random snacks mixed in as a treat every once in awhile is alright as well.
but a slight compromise should be sought to make everyone happy.
but add it with sweet things but sweet things that are good for you
but All food, ANY FOOD, can be a part of a healthy diet
but allow healthier alternative so children could choose from.
but allow healthier snacks
but allow healthy foods like vegetables and Protein bars.
but allow many some kind of healthy snacks instead.
but allow more healthy snacks and food
but allow students to bring in whatever foods their family allows.
but allow them to take it with them to school if they so wish
but allowed to bring healthier food to the school.
but also not punish students for possessing junk food, since it is readily available and does not constitute an inherent threat that would warrant harsh punishment.
but an alternative should be offered as children need nutrition.
but any kind of sweets should be part of an overall balanced meal such as served in a Cafeteria.
but apples and fruit should.
but at the end of the day, it's the students choice.
but at the same time, freedom of choice should be promoted; Children should not feel like they are being forced to live a certain way, otherwise many would question the authority figures intentions.
but be allowed to sell healthier alternative snacks and food.
but Bring healthy food
but BUT HEALTHY SNACKS
but CAN HAVE CHEESES
but can have more variety of healthy food
but can offer healthier options
but can offer healthy food choices in vending machines.
but Can sell healthier options
but cannot prevent children from getting junk food elsewhere.
but certain snacks are alright.
but children need to be exposed to healthy eating
but children should be allowed to choose to bring with them whatever foods or snacks they please.
but children should be allowed to chose what they eat.
but children should have a choice about what to eat
but continue to so they make more money.
but could consider selling them at sporting or extra curricular events.
but could fill the snack machines with more nutritious food.
but could have places near by that do sell it but that are not as convenient.
but could offer alternative healthy foods in their place.
but could offer some snacks that are but also some that arent.
but doing so would cause them to lose money that could be used to provide key funding.
but doing so would make for a happier student body, especially when they would suffer if they can't have access to junk food at school when they do at home.
but DUST IN NOSE.
but educate kids about healthy eating
but educating students about good food choices still needs to happen because they will have access to junk food off campus.
but everybody should have the right to sell or buy or eat as they please.
but everything is good in moderation, and I’m sure one bag of chips won’t kill someone.
but familes should have a say in what their kids eat.
but fruits
but give alternate snacks that are healthier.
but have a variety of options for the kids to choose from.
but have healthier choices for students to choose from either cafeteria or vending machines if there are any.
but have healthy options.
but healthier alternatives can be made available to the students.
but healthier alternatives should be provided
but healthier alternatives.
but healthy foods only allowed for students.
but healthy options should be offered
but healthy snacks like low sugar yogurt and fruit SHOULD be sold.
but healthy snacks should be added to school vending machines as part of an initiative aimed at changing kids' eating and fitness habits.
but healthy snacks should be.
but here schools are, still selling this junk food that only promotes poor eating habits which could lead to a lot of health complications.
but I believe it is nice to occasionally have bake sales, pizza parties, ice cream socials, etc.
but I believe that some junk food is okay, it's just about moderation and balancing it out with more healthy foods.
but I can see how the schools want to give the kids a choice.
but I can see the financial issues that may arise from not selling popular snacks in vending machines.
but I do not think that schools will totally eliminate junk food on campus because it generates much needed money for them.
but I do think that sport drinks like gatorade should be available because of the athletes need them after work outs.
but I don't think junk food should be banned as a whole from campus.
but I guess they need money.
but I guess they want to make money.
but I have nothing else to say here.
but I like the idea of health alternatives being put in the snack machines so they can still have snack throughout the day.
but I support it being available.
but I think if they are allowed to only buy it once in awhile it would be fine.
but I think that giving the kids healthy choices would be a great replacement.
but I think that we can still make money for the schools by allowing healthy snack options to be placed in vending machines.
but I think they should be able to bring from home if wanted.
but I think they should sell other healthy snacks.
but I understand certain individuals and groups think children should have complete choice of either junk or good food.
but I understand the argument that students should be able to chose what they eat.
but if a club or organization has a fundraiser it may be allowed on special occasions.
but If a parent decides to give junk food to a child for breakfast in the lunch box, it is their responsibility
but if a student brings it from somewhere else it should be allowed.
but if a student brings some in it is okay.
but if a student really wants junk food, they can make he more conscious decision to purchase their junk food at a local grocery store.
but if a students brings it in his lunch, then he should be allowed to consume it
but if children choose to bring it in their lunch that is on them.
but if children decide to bring it from their own homes then it is on the child and the parent at that point.
but if htey do, limit it to after school
but if it is allowed, healthier choices should also be allowed as well.
but if it is available they should also have healthy choices as well.
but if it is brought from home than it is ok.
but if it is sold at schools, then it should be low fat items like low fat chips and sugar free items.
but if it is sold it should be really expensive so that only people that really want junk food will buy it.
but if it there the children would eat with out the parents knowing.
but if it were high school, it is up to the students what they choose to put in to their bodies
but if its a healthy junk food its okay
but if its taken away, kids will find a way to bring it back to campus.
but if kids choose to bring so on their own, that is their family's decision.
but if people want it it, they will still find a way to have it.
but if students want to bring in their own junk food lunches from home, the schools cannot control this.
but if there was a program to allow children the healthy and inherently more expensive food at a more affordable price, then thats a different story.
but if they are going to, they should put healthier junk food snacks in the vending machines for purchase.
but if they do they should charge more for it.
but if they insist it could be healthy options.
but if they must they can offer healthy alternatives.
but if they sell healthy food more students will concentrate better.
but in some cases junk food can be sold once a month.
but in some cases junk food is less expensive than healthier options so junk is perhaps all some can afford.
but in the long run, a person's health choices are personal, and government institutions should not be able to dictate such choices.
but instead allow the sale of more healthful food options in order to promote good health and healthy personal habits.
but instead fill snack machines with nutritious foods.
but instead healthier options should be made available.
but instead make healthy choices available.
but instead offer healthier options to students for purchase.
but instead offer healthy alternatives
but instead offer healthy snacks.
but instead sell fruit as a substitute.
but instead should allow healthier options to be sold on campus.
but instead should be able to make up the revenue with healthier snack options, as students will gravitate towards these options when less healthy snacks are unavailable.
but instead should offer a wider variety of healthier snacks, so there is something for all students to enjoy.
but instead should offer healthy options.
but instead should offer more healthy alternatives, which taste good as well.
but instead should provide healthier food alternatives.
but instead they should bring some healthy snacks and foods.
but instead, should offer tasty and nutritious snack options.
but is not good for their health.
but it brings in income for the school.
but it can allow to sell healthy snack and nutritious food.
but it can allow to sell nutritious foods.
but it can be easily replaced with good food
but it can take income for the school
but it could be limited.
but It could potentially be sold in moderation and let kids make their own choices.
but it does allow students to make choices.
but it does generate money.
but it does generate more money for schools because students are more likely to purchase junk food.
but it does help the school make money.
but it does provide the school system with extra revenue.
but it does raise money for schools.
but it doesn't mean they can't keep selling snacks and food, there are many healthy alternatives to basically every single type of food these days.
but it generates income for schools.
but it generates money for schools.
but it generates revenue for the schools.
but it helps generates money for the school
but it is a difficult problem to solve as healthy food tends to be much more expensive.
but it is acceptable to eat it there.
but it is also important to focus on changing kids' fitness habits.
but it is also our responsibility as parents to teach healthy eating habits.
but it is cheap quick and convenient
but it is good to have a balance of healthy and junk food.
but it is important for students to be able to make their own choices.
but it is not possible to control their eating habits off-campus.
but it is ok if their parents pack a lunch that contains junk food.
but it is the children's decision to do whatever they want after they are not in school.
but it is the parents and the student's choice to eat junk food as they want to.
but it is the parents responsibility to try to teach their children about healthy eating/lifestyle.
but it is up to the discretion of each school or the school board.
but it is up to the student to bring it in their lunch.
but it may be possible to offer healthier snack choices instead of junk food.
but it needs to follow through at home with their own families.
but it should also educate students and staff alike on why it has opted to do so.
but it should be allowed to be sold off-campus and they can bring their junk food onsite if desired.
but it should be noted that every child has their own personal decision of what they want to eat.
but it should be the child's choice of what they eat.
but it should be the choice of the child or parent if they want them eating that.
but it should educate students on the importance of nutrition and how it can affect them in life.
but it should have healthy snacks instead like dried fruits and nuts and nut alternatives for the allergic.
but it should ultimately be up to the individual or their guardian to decide what they want to eat.
but it will be sold anyway, due to it being cheaper.
but it would be ok once in a while.
but it's almost impossible to forget the profits the schools make when selling these products.
but it's an individual choice
but it's the child's choice
but it's understandable that they are currently providing food that is in high demand (i.e. junk food and snacks).
but it's up to the individual campuses to decide.
but it's worth noting that many students will still have easy access to it off campus.
but ITS NOT GOOD.
but its not healthy
but its still their own choice what they decide to do.
but jthere is no but
but junk food in moderation is acceptable if kids get enough exercise to burn off any excess calories and sugar consumption.
but Junk food's companies won't like that.
but kids are fond of junk foods.
but kids are going to find a way to get what they want.
but kids can bring in whatever they like
but kids could bring a lunch from home.
but kids really should have a choice as to what they want to eat.
but kids should be able to bring it if they choose to eat it
but kids should be able to bring junk food from home if that is what they and their parents want.
but kids should be able to choose.
but kids should be allowed to bring it on site to eat themselves.
but kids should have a choice on what they eat
but kids should have a choice within the limits of what is healthy
but kids should still be allowed to bring their own junk food if they want to.
but kids will still bring in unhealthy food.
but let it be brought in from home if they choose
but let students do what they want
but make snack machines with more nutritious foods.
but make the food less sugary and salty to make it healthy.
but many also admit that they do not incorporate enough exercise into their daily routines.
but many kids prefer junk food
but many people feel that it raises money for the school and gives kids a choice of what they should eat.
but many schools do it because they do not see it as their job to change the diet of their students.
but many students continue to eat these unhealthy snacks.
but maybe a few things.
but maybe on certain special occasions or at events.
but maybe only allow it during certain times of the day.
but maybe use them as a reward
but might allow some junk food on special occasions.
but need to find attractive food alternatives that interest students.
but no way very students like that
but nutritious food and snacks should be sold instead.
but offer a more nutritious alternative.
but offer alternative snack optoins
but offer different alternatives.
but offer healthier alternatives.
but offer healthy alternatives
but offer healthy alternatives.
but offer healthy snacks.
but offer instead some different options, maybe they could sell healthy granola bars instead.
but on special occasions and in limited amounts it could potentially be acceptable such as Valentines, Halloween, and like occasions.
but only during certain speical days
but only healthy foods should be sold.
but only if it is limited to certain items.
but only if there are more nutritional foods being offered to the students so that they can make a healthy choice decision.
but other argue that kids should have choice of what they want to eat.
but other healthy food can be allowed.
but other more healthy alternatives should be sold.
but parents can send junk food to school with their own child.
but parents should also have a say in what their children eat.
but parents should also provide education and rules at home around food choices
but parents should be allowed to pack whatever they want in their children's lunches.
but parents should ultimately have control over the decisions of their children
but people should be allowed to choose their own diet.
but promote healthier alternatives.
but promote healthy habits
but provide a healthy alternative to sugary snack foods.
but provide alternative healthy snacks.
but provide alternatives to junk food that are just as tasty.
but provide healthy alternatives instead.
but provide healthy options.
but provide healthy snack foods instead.
but provide healthy snacks instead.
but provide public health education of its dangers
but replace it junk food with healthier options
but replace them with healthy and nutritious options.
but schools already have so many roles to fill that asking them to arbitors of health may be too much to ask.
but schools can work with their food service providers to offer healthy versions of students' favorite foods.
but schools continue to do so because of the revenue it brings.
but schools could fill snack machines with more nutritious foods.
but schools could fill snack machines with more nutritious options.
but schools could fill the snack machines with healthy choices.
but schools make a sizable profit by selling junk food items in vending machines.
but sell nutritious foods.
but selling junk food makes money for the school and people argue that kids should be given choice regarding what they eat.
but selling junk foods generates money for the school.
but selling snacks also generates money for schools.
but selling snacks does raise money for the school.
but selling snacks generates money for the schools so maybe they should just consider limiting the number of junk food snacks the offer.
but serious consideration must be made in choosing replacements for it.
but should allow children to bring it in their lunch boxes if their parents send it in their lunch.
but should allow for healthy food to be available.
but should allow healthy food.
but should allow kids to bring it from home.
but should allow kids to have a say in selecting their own foods.
but should allow nutritious food to be sold
but should allow sweets for special occasions.
but should also be limited on what quasi-healthy options are available as well (eg. sports drinks, granola bars, etc)
but should also limit access to junk food to students.
but should also teach nutrition
but should be allowed it at home
but should be allowed to sell snacks and soda
but should be allowed to sell somewhat healthier alternatives.
but should be available for sale in the general marketplace.
but should be transparent about their reasoning and teach kids why unhealthy foods aren't good.
but should consider allowing healthy options to be sold.
but should encourage healthier eating habits by providing alternative snacks and beverages.
but should eschew the misnamed pseudoscience about "healthiness" of foods, instead emphasizing nutrition as understood scientifically.
but should have alternative healthy snacks available.
but should have snacks that are healthy alternatives as treats.
but should have vending machines that have healthy snack options.
but should instead allow healthy food to be sold on campus.
but should instead focus on providing nutritious alternatives such as fruits like apples, bananas and other healthy choices.
but should instead have a less-healthy option available once a week, on Fridays to keep things more fun and teach balance.
but should instead offer healthier options.
but should instead offer healthy snack options.
but should instead promote healthy eating by filling snack machines with nutritious foods
but should instead promote healthy eating options
but should instead provide healthy alternatives.
but should instead replace it with healthy alternatives.
but should instead replace junk food with healthier food options such as fruit and cut up veggie snacks.
but should instead sell healthy foods.
but should instead should offer healthy alternatives such as fruits and veggies to children.
but should instead substitute healthier foods in the vending machines.
but should make an effort to teach the kids about better eating habits.
but should not ban it.
but should offer better choices.
but should offer healthy alternative snacks to purchase
but should offer healthy alternative snacks.
but should offer healthy alternatives instead.
but should offer healthy alternatives like fruit
but should offer healthy alternatives that taste similar to the junk food.
but should offer healthy alternatives to junk food.
but should offer healthy alternatives to promote healthy habits.
but should offer healthy food choices in vending machines
but should offer healthy food instead.
but should offer healthy sweet alternatives such as fruit or spreads .
but should offer many options for students which would be a healthier alternative.
but should offer other alternatives.
but should offer reasonable alternative to the type of snacks that you would expect to find at a school.
but should offer students healthier options in their vending machines.
but SHOULD PROMOTE HEALTHY SNACKS
but should provide a wider range of healthier options
but should provide access to healthy snacks.
but should provide health alternatives.
but should provide healthier choices.
but should provide healthier snacks for students to have.
but should provide healthy options for snacks.
but should provide healthy snacks instead to raise revenue.
but should provide healthy, nutritious food instead.
but should provide other nutritious food for students.
but should provide some option of snack for them.
but should provided healthy alternatives.
but should replace junk food with more nutritious snack options.
but should respect students' right of free choice.
but should sell healthy alternatives
but should sell more nutritional options of food.
but should sell more nutritious foods because they have great nutritional value.
but should try to maintain healthy eating habits and lifestyle for the student while they attend the school
but should try to provide alternatives to junk food that can be sold on campus.
but shouldn’t confiscate junk food that is brought from home.
but snacks would be okay in moderation. Like providing each student with so many points for snacks throughout the week.
but so good.
but so that children receive a better health message and have better food options.
but SOLD ON
but some argue that students should be allowed to choose what they eat.
but some believe that these children deserve more variety.
but some feel that they deserve a right to choose what they are eating.
but some people claim that banning junk foods infringes on the students freedom of choice.
but some people think students should be able to choose what they eat.
but some people think the kids should be able to make their own choices.
but some say students should be able to make their own choices of what to eat
but Some school has been sold this foods
but some think students should be able to choose what they eat.
but some think that the students should have a choice about what they want to eat.
but student will always want a choice about what they can buy in the way of snacks.
but student's should have a choice in what they eat.
but students are free to bring anything they want from home.
but students can be told where they can buy the food at instead (i.e., at grocery stores/convenience stores).
but students can bring whatever they want from home for lunch, which could include junk.
but students can have the option to eat it outside of school
but students do have the right for bring foods
but students have a choice about what they eat.
but students may be allowed to bring one serving of such with parental approval and no trading off with other students.
but students may bring it anyway.
but students should be able to bring their own lunch into school.
but students should be able to bring their own snacks if they want that.
but students should be able to make their own decisions about what foods they consume.
but students should be allowed to bring it to school.
but students should be allowed to bring junk food if the parents provide it.
but students should be allowed to bring junk food to campus if they desire.
but students should be allowed to choose what they eat.
but students should be responsible enough to make healthy choices on their own.
but students should have a choice about what they eat.
but students should have a choice about what they eat.
but students should have a choice and it also brings in money to the school.
but students should have a choice in what they eat.
but students should still have the freedom to bring snacks to school for lunch, everyone has a right to eat what they choose.
but students will of course buy it off-campus.
but students will still bring their own junk food.
but take into account student feedback on they types of healthy foods to include
but teens can make decisions about what they eat when they are not at school.
but that doesn't mean they shouldn't have so called "junk" food every once in a while.
but that interferes with freedom of choice.
but that will not stop the problem on its own.
but the argument is about choice and generation of money for the schools from these foods
but the choice to eat healthy or unhealthy is ultimately up to the student.
but the parents need to to keep an eye on what their children are eating as well.
but the profit they make from it is tempting.
but the sale of junk food can generate a significant amount of profit.
but the school allow snack machines with more nutritious foods.
but the schools can make some revenue for school improvements by selling junk food.
but the schools could fill snack machines with more nutritious foods.
but the schools make money off of it.
but there are plenty of other foods schools can sell for fundraising such as popcorn.
but there could be an argument for teaching kids to make decisions in the face of temptation by allowing the food to remain.
but there could be certain times or events where some junk food may be purchased.
but there could be healthy alternatives.
but there could be special events monthly where parents are advised that there will be treats sold for a fundraiser or other school event.
but there is a great deal of resistance to this because that is what kids want and it is profitable.
but there is an argument to be made that students should be allowed to make their own food choices.
but there is no proper nutrition in the junk food to help growing children.
but there is no way to stop students from bringing junk food from home.
but there should be alternatives they sell.
but there should be healthy snacks available.
but there should be some options to what the students can buy.
but they are allowed to bring it themselves.
but They argue that students should have a choice about what they eat.
but they can be selling healthy food instead
but they can bring it from home.
but they can choose to sell food that are nutritious and healthy.
but they can offer nutritious foods.nutritious foods
but they can replace the junk food with some nutritious foods.
but they can replace them with healthy snacks instead.
but they can replaced the junk foods by selling some nutritional foods.
but they can sell healthy snacks
but they can sell more nutritious foods
but they can slowly integrate healthier choices such as baked potato chips instead of fried.
but they cannot enforce eating habits outside of school.
but they cannot preach about it, just do what they can by not allowing the vending machines in their schools
but they cant help what the kids eat off campus.
but they continue to do so
but they continue to do so as it makes them money
but they could allow healthier alternatives.
but they could fill snack machines with more nutritious foods.
but they could just have a small amount of it instead of the amount they have been selling at.
but they could offer healthy and delicious food choices that contain fruits, vegetables, healthy grains, and the like, plus information about how to make good food choices.
but they could offer healthy options in place of junk food.
but they could offer some snack foods that are low in calories or not as salty or sugary but to be able to still give them a choice.
but they could offer the option to buy snacks once a week.
but they could provide healthier versions which would provide additional funding for the schools.
but they could sell a variety of healthy snacks.
but they could sell healthy options elsewhere.
but they could sell healthy snacks.
but they could sell healthy snacks.
but they could sell similar good tasting healthier options.
but they could still sell healthy snacks.
but they could stock vending machines with healthier food.
but they did not take step to stop selling.
but they do
but they do anyways because ultimately it is a person's choice to eat healthy or not.
but they do because they make money off it.
but they do not have the right to police food brought in from the outside
but they do to make some extra money.
but they earn money with junk food.
but they have no control over what foods their students eat away from school.
but they have to get an incentive to stop offering it.
but they make money selling junk food.
but they may consider replacing the snacks with healthy options.
but they may offer more choices of healthy food
but they might want to allow for a larger range of healthy snacks to be made available to students.
but they must fill snack machines with more nutritious food.
but they need to eat healthy
but they need to offer affordable healthy options in place of the junk food, not sell healthy stuff for a marked up, outrageous price.
but they need to provide healthy alternatives so that students still have a wide freedom of choice for their potential food options.
but they probably will continue to do so.
but they raise money for the school.
but they sell an good items
but they should allow healthy snack alternatives to be sold.
but they should allow kids to bring their own if they want.
but they should allow kids to bring their own snacks including junk food.
but they should allow students to bring whatever food they wish to consume from home, as long as the school makes an effort to educate students about the risks of unhealthy eating habits.
but they should allow students to choose what they eat by bringing their own snacks if they want.
but they should allow students to purchase healthier snack options.
but they should also incorporate greater amounts of exercise into the school day.
but they should also serve more healthy and nutritious lunches to students as well.
but they should at have least allow children to choose between healthy food and snacks.
but they should be able to on certain occasions.
but they should be allowed other means to replace the revenue lost by disallowing junk food sales.
but they should be allowed to bring it from home if the parents allow it.
but they should be allowed to bring it from home.
but they should be allowed to make an exception for after school events such as football games.
but they should be allowed to provide healthy snacks and drinks for students to enjoy.
but they should be offering healthy snacks.
but they should be prepared for community backlash.
but they should definitely offer healthy snack options.
but they should have a choice
but they should have greater accessibility to nutrient dense foods.
but they should have healthy alternatives for the kids to turn too when they do want a snack.
but they should have healthy snacks.
but they should have options for teachers and other staff.
but they should have other options available.
but they should have some healthy foods that still take good, liked baked potato chips instead of fried.
but they should have treats on special days.
but they should having vending machines that sell healthy options.
but they should incorporate healthier and more nutritious foods.
but they should incorporate healthy initiatives.
but they should incorporate healthy snacks in the vending machines
but they should inform the students as to why.
but they should make healthier snacks available.
but they should make snacks available that are more appetizing to students and more filling to the body than, say, an apple.
but they should make sure that something is available to purchase if the children need to.
but they should make sure the healthier options are things kids will actually enjoy.
but they should make sure there are healthy options for snacks to replace the junk food
but they should not ban candy companies from advertising in schools if it provides funding.
but they should not control their diet outside of school.
but they should not express disapproval of children who bring junk food in their own lunches.
but they should not interfere with what students bring for lunch from home.
but they should not penalize students who bring their own.
but they should not prevent it being brought from home.
but they should not prohibit it if students bring it on their own.
but they should offer a healthy alternative.
but they should offer a wide variety of healthy alternatives.
but they should offer healthier alternatives and work with health professionals to help create healthy eating initiatives.
but they should offer healthy alternatives and encourage children to make better decisions.
but they should offer healthy alternatives that are appealing to kids.
but they should offer healthy alternatives.
but they should offer tasty alternatives that are healthy.
but they should options for teachers
but they should provide a healthier alternative,
but they should provide a variety of healthy foods to students.
but they should provide a variety of healthy options.
but they should provide alternative food that is kids friendly and nutritious.
but they should provide healthy and good-tasting alternatives so students do not feel deprived at school.
but they should provide healthy options
but they should provide healthy options.
but they should provide healthy snacks for students to choose.
but they should provide more healthy alternatives to such food.
but they should sell healthier snacks.
but they should sell healthy food options.
but they should sell healthy options
but they should sell more nutritious snacks.
but they should stack the snack machines with just a few junk food and 98% of the snacks should be healthy choices
but they should stock the cafeteria and machines with healthier snack options to provide food for the kids and generate income for the school.
but they should teach how to incorporate small amount of these food into diet for enjoyment.
but they should teach students accurate health information.
but they shouldn't advertise not eating junk food off of campus or from another location.
but they still do because it is used as a tool to raise money.
but they tried to give us a choice between food.
but they will anyway
but they will continue to do it anyway.
but They will just get it somewhere else or bring it from home.
but they would be losing a good revenue source.
but this practice will continue since they are making money.
but this still needs to be encouraged off campus too.
but this will not impact the nutrition they receive at home so there needs to be more education and support for parents who need help accessing health food.
but treats from time to time are ok and should be allowed, i.e. an ice cream social or pizza party.
but ultimately it is up to parents to instill healthy beliefs in their kids
but ultimately it is up to the individual student what they eat or drink.
but ultimately it is up to the kids to decide what they want to eat, also it is how they generate money.
but ultimately it is up to the students to make better choices and the educators and parent to teach the children how.
but we can't take away peoples rights.
but we cannot protect our kids from everything bad for them out there.
but we give kids the choices of what to eat.
but we must clearly define why we mean by junk food if we are to enforce this rule.
but we should all be accountable for are own eating habits.
but what should be sold insted of junk food?
but young people need guidance about their food decisions.
but young people should be given the choice of what types of items they would like to purchase and eat.
but, this would be acceptable for sports related events.
but/ they do it anyway so they can make money
butter won’t be healthy