In Chapter 6 we are back to one of the Thorogood boys, who is a missionary in London, working among the poor.
working among the poor.
working
True




Many of these last were on the beach at Sunland that night, with oilskin coats and caps, cowering in the lee of boats and rocks, or leaning against the furious gale as they tried to gaze out to sea through the blinding sleet and spray.
cowering in the lee of boats and rocks, or leaning against the furious gale as they tried to gaze out to sea through the blinding sleet and spray.
cowering
True




Failing in that, they fell back and seemed to go mad with disappointment; leaping, hissing, and whirling among the rocks on which the brig had been cast.
Failing in that
Failing
True




may God's Holy Spirit open your eyes to see Jesus--the Captain of your Salvation--at your elbow this moment, waiting at the door of your heart and knocking till you will open and let Him in to lead you on to--Victory!"
waiting at the door of your heart and knocking till you will open and let Him in to lead you on to--Victory!"
waiting
False




"Talking of Cannibal Islands," said Dick, the sailor, during a pause in the feast, "you've no idea what a glorious place that Pacific Ocean is, with its coral islands, palm-groves, and sunshine.
Talking of Cannibal Islands," said Dick, the sailor, during a pause in the feast, "you've no idea what a glorious place that Pacific Ocean is, with its coral islands
Talking
True




Some people, referring to its peaceful purposes, called it MacFearsome's trading post.
referring to its peaceful purposes
referring
True




Of course, according to Scotch law, we could marry them without your assistance, but I respect the church, Mr Tucker, and think it becoming to have a clergyman on occasions of this kind."
according to Scotch law
according
True




As she spoke an arrow, entering between the palisades, whizzed past her.
entering between the palisades
entering
True




Seeing at a glance how matters stood, Mr Tucker ran forward and thrust his bludgeon with a straight point between the posts, right into the painted face of the lower savage, who fell back at once, carrying the second savage along with him: but the third had already laid his hands on the top, and, vaulting over with monkey-like agility, came down on the pastor's shoulders with such violence that both rolled together on the ground.
Seeing at a glance how matters stood
Seeing
True




